<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Avrupa Evrenselciliği</title>
  <link href="../Styles/epub_css.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body>
  <div class="bibliography">
    <h1 class="chapter" title="Kaynakça">KAYNAKÇA</h1>

    <p class="refence">Abdülmelik, Enver. [1972] 1981. <i>Civilizations and Social Theory. Vol. I of Social Dialectics</i>. Albany: State University of New York Press.</p>

    <p class="refence">Cook, Sherburne F., Woodrow Borah. 1971. <i>Essays in Population History: Mexico and the Carribean</i>. Vol. I, Berkeley: University of California Press.</p>

    <p class="refence">Fischer-Tine, Harald, and Michael Mann, eds. 2004. <i>Colonialism as Civilizing Mission: Cultural Ideology in British India</i>. London: Wimbledon.</p>

    <p class="refence">Hanke, Lewis. 1974. <i>All Mankind is One: A Study of the Disputation Between Bartolomé de Las Casas and Juan Gines de Sepulveda in 1550 on the Intellectual and Religious Capacity of the American Indians</i>. De Kalb: Northern Illinois University Press.</p>

    <p class="refence">Kouchner, Bernard. 2004. Twenty-third Annual Morgenthau Memorial Lecture, Harmonie Club, New York, March 2. http://www.car-negiecouncil.org/view/Media.php/prm Template-ID/8/prmID/4425#2, 10/28/2004 tarihli olani okuyunuz.</p>

    <p class="refence">Las Casas, Bartolomé de. [1552] 1974. <i>The Devastation of the Indies: A Brief Account</i>. Trans. Herman Briffault. Baltimore, MD: Johns Hopkins University Press.</p>

    <p class="refence">[1552] 1992. <i>In Defense of the Indians</i>. Ed. Stafford Poole. De Kalb: Northern Illinois University Press.</p>

    <p class="refence">[1552] 1994. <i>Brevissima relación de la destrucción de las Indias</i>. Ed. Jose Maria Reyes Cano. Barcelona: Ed. Planeta.</p>

    <p class="refence">[1552] 2000. <i>Apologia, o Declaración y defensa universal de los derechos del hombre y de los pueblos</i>. Ed. Vidal Abril Castello et al. Vallodalid: Junta de Castilla y León Consejería de Educación y Cultura.</p>

    <p class="refence">Mann, Michael. 2004. ‘Torchbearers upon the Path of Progress”: Britain’s Ideology of a “Moral and Material Progress” in India: <i>An Introductory Essay. In Colonialism as Civilizing Mission: Cultural Ideology in British India</i>, ed. Harald Fischer-Tine and Michael Mann, 1-26. London: Wimbledon.</p>

    <p class="refence">Montesquieu, Baron de. [1721] 1993- <i>Persian Letters</i>. London: Penguin Boks.</p>

    <p class="refence">Prigogine, Ilya. 1997. <i>The End of Certainty: Time, Chaos, and the New Laws of Nature</i>. New York: Free Press.</p>

    <p class="refence">Said, Edward W. [1978] 2003. <i>Orientalism</i>. Yazarın yeni önsözüyle 25. yıldönümü baskısı. New York: Vintage.</p>

    <p class="refence">Sepulveda, Juan Gines de. [1545?] 1984. <i>Democrates segundo, o, De las justas causas de la guerra contra las indios</i>. Ed. Angel Losada. 2. basım. Madrid: Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas, Instituto Francisco de Victoria.</p>

    <p class="refence">Trouillot, Michel-Rolph. 2004. The North Atlantic Universals. In <i>The Modern World-System in the Longue Duree</i>, ed. Immanuel Wallerstein, 229-37. Boulder, CO: Paradigm Press.</p>

    <p class="refence">Wallerstein, Immanuel. 1974-89. <i>The Modern World-System</i>. 3 vols. New York &amp; San Diego: Academic Press.</p>

    <p class="refence">1995. <i>Historical Capitalism, with Capitalist Civilization</i>. London: Verso.</p>

    <p class="refence">1997. Eurocentrism and Its Avatars. <i>New Left Review</i> 226 (Kasim-Aralik): 93-107.</p>

    <p class="refence">1998. <i>Utopistic, or, Historical Choices for the Twenty-first Century</i>. New York: The New Press.</p>

    <p class="refence">2004a. <i>The Uncertainties of Knowledge</i>. Philadelphia: Temple University Press.</p>

    <p class="refence">2004b. <i>World-System Analysis: An Introduction</i>. Durham, NC: Duke University Press.</p>

    <p class="refence">Wallerstein, Immanuel, et al. 1996. <i>Report of the Gulhenkian Commission on the Restructuring of the Social Sciences</i>. Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press.</p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
