<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head><title>Artemis</title>
<meta charset="utf-8"/><link href="style/prhStyle.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/><link href="style/prhStyle-media-queries.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/><link href="style/freeFont.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/><link href="style/Weir_9780553448139_epub3_css_r1.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:949fdcdd-b7ed-4595-a7e7-9355b900bcfc" name="Adept.expected.resource"/></head>
<body><a id="d1-d2s6"/><div class="page_top_padding"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page20" title="20"/><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page21" title="21"/>
<blockquote>
<p class="para-lsa-supb-pg sans fb_0">Dear Kelvin Otieno,</p>
<p class="para-ltf sans fb_0">Hi. My name’s Jasmine Bashara. People call me Jazz. I’m nine years old. I live in Artemis.</p>
<p class="para-lt sans fb_0">Ms. Teller’s my teacher. She’s a good teacher even though she took away my Gizmo when I played with it during class. She gave us homework to send email to kids at the KSC complex in Kenya. She assigned me your address. Do you speak English? I can speak Arabic too. What do you speak in Kenya?</p>
<p class="para-lt sans fb_0">I like American TV shows and my favorite food is ginger ice cream. But usually I eat Gunk. I want to get a dog but we can’t afford one. I hear poor people can have dogs on Earth. Is it true? Do you have a dog? If you have a dog please tell me about your dog.</p>
<p class="para-lt sans fb_0">Does Kenya have a king?</p>
<p class="para-ltl sans fb_0">My dad’s a welder. What does your dad do?</p>
<p class="para-lsa sans fb_0">Dear Jazz Bashara,</p>
<p class="para-ltf sans fb_0">Hello. I am Kelvin and I am also nine. I live with my mom and dad. I have three sisters. They’re jerks and the two older ones beat me up. But I’m getting bigger and someday I’ll beat them up. I’m just kidding, boys should never hit girls.</p>
<p class="para-lt sans fb_0">Kenyans speak English and Swahili. We do not have a king. We have a president and a National Assembly and a Senate. Grown-ups vote for them and they make the laws.</p>
<p class="para-lt sans fb_0">My family doesn’t have a dog but we have two cats. One of them just comes around to eat, but the other one is very nice and sleeps on the couch all the time.</p>
<p class="para-lt sans fb_0">My dad is a security officer for KSC. He works at Gate 14 and he makes sure only people who are allowed to go in can go in. We live in assigned housing in the complex and my school is in the complex too. Everyone who works for KSC gets free school for their kids. KSC is very generous and we are all grateful.</p>
<p class="para-lt sans fb_0">My mom stays at home. She takes care of all of us kids. She is a good mother.</p>
<p class="para-lt sans fb_0">My favorite food is hot dogs. What’s Gunk? I’ve never heard of that.</p>
<p class="para-lt sans fb_0">I love American TV shows. Especially soap operas. They are very exciting even though my mom doesn’t want me watching them. But we have good internet here so I watch when she’s not looking. Please do not tell her. Haha. What does your mom do?</p>
<p class="para-lt sans fb_0">What do you want to be when you grow up? I want to make rockets. Right now I make models of rockets. I just finished a model of a KSC 209-B. It looks very nice in my room. I want to make real rockets someday. The other kids want to be pilots for the rockets but I don’t want to do that.</p>
<p class="para-ltl sans fb_0">Are you white? I hear everyone in Artemis is white. There are many white people here at the complex. They come from all over the world to work here.</p>
<p class="para-lsa sans fb_0">Dear Kelvin,</p>
<p class="para-ltf sans fb_0">It’s too bad you don’t have a dog. I hope you get to make rockets someday. Real ones, not models.</p>
<p class="para-lt sans fb_0">Gunk is food for poor people. It’s dried algae and flavor extracts. They grow it here in Artemis in vats because food from Earth is expensive. Gunk is gross. Flavor extracts are supposed to make it taste good but they just make it taste gross in other ways. I have to eat it every day. I hate it.</p>
<p class="para-lt sans fb_0">I’m not white. I’m Arabic. Sort of light brown. Only about half the people here are white. My mom lives on Earth somewhere. She left when I was a baby. I don’t remember her.</p>
<p class="para-lt sans fb_0">Soap operas are lame. But it’s okay for you to like lame stuff. We can still be friends.</p>
<p class="para-lt sans fb_0">Do you have a yard at your house? Can you go outside anytime you want? I can’t go outside until I’m sixteen because those are the rules for EVAs. Someday I’ll get my EVA license and go outside as much as I want and no one can tell me no.</p>
<p class="para-lt sans fb_0">Building rockets sounds like a neat job. I hope you get that job.</p>
<p class="para-lt sans fb_0">I don’t want a job. When I grow up I want to be rich.</p></blockquote></div></body></html>