<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head><title>Artemis</title>
<meta charset="utf-8"/><link href="style/prhStyle.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/><link href="style/prhStyle-media-queries.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/><link href="style/freeFont.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/><link href="style/Weir_9780553448139_epub3_css_r1.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:949fdcdd-b7ed-4595-a7e7-9355b900bcfc" name="Adept.expected.resource"/></head>
<body><a id="d1-d2s32"/><div class="page_top_padding"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page304" title="304"/><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page305" title="305"/>
<blockquote>
<p class="para-lsa-supb-pg sans fb_0">Dear Kelvin,</p>
<p class="para-ltf sans fb_0">Sorry for the slow response. I’m sure you’ve read all about the chloroform leak in the news. People around here call it “The Nap.” There were no deaths or serious injuries, but I’m shooting you an email just to confirm I’m okay.</p>
<p class="para-lt sans fb_0">I did spend three minutes sizzling on the lunar surface without a spacesuit. That kind of sucked (no vacuum pun intended). Also, everyone knows I was responsible for the Nap.</p>
<p class="para-lt sans fb_0">Which leads me to my next problem: I’m broke. Again. Long story short, the city took most of my money to bitch-slap me for my indiscretions. Unfortunately, I hadn’t transferred your share of our profits this month, so I’m going to have to owe you. I’ll pay you off the moment I can, you have my word.</p>
<p class="para-lt sans fb_0">I have some legwork for you: There’s a guy named “Jin Chu” (might be an alias) headed back to Earth right now. He claimed to be from Hong Kong and that’s probably true. He works for a Chinese materials research company. I don’t know which one.</p>
<p class="para-lt sans fb_0">He got sent home from Artemis for being naughty. They shipped him out a few days ago, so he must be aboard the <strong class="char-lt-bi">Gordon</strong>. That means you’ve got four days before he arrives at KSC. Hire a detective or whatever to find out where he works. We need that company’s name.</p>
<p class="para-lt sans fb_0">Because Kelvin, old buddy, this is the opportunity of a lifetime. That company is about to make billions. I’m going to invest as much as I can in it and I suggest you do the same. Long story—I’ll send you a more detailed email later.</p>
<p class="para-lt sans fb_0">Aside from that, we’re back to business as usual. Keep the goods coming. Also, we’ll be ramping up our smuggling volume soon. Artemis is going to have a population boom. More customers coming our way!</p>
<p class="para-lt sans fb_0">We’re going to be rich, buddy. Filthy rich.</p>
<p class="para-lt sans fb_0">And hey, once that happens, you should come visit. I’ve learned a lot about the value of friends lately and you’re one of the best friends I’ve ever had. I’d like to meet you in person. And besides, who doesn’t want to come to Artemis?</p>
<p class="para-lt sans fb_0">It’s the greatest little city in the worlds.</p></blockquote></div></body></html>