<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head><title>Artemis</title>
<meta charset="utf-8"/><link href="style/prhStyle.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/><link href="style/prhStyle-media-queries.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/><link href="style/freeFont.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/><link href="style/Weir_9780553448139_epub3_css_r1.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:949fdcdd-b7ed-4595-a7e7-9355b900bcfc" name="Adept.expected.resource"/></head>
<body><a id="d1-d2s24"/><div class="page_top_padding"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page209" title="209"/><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page210" title="210"/>
<blockquote>
<p class="para-lsa-supb-pg sans fb_0">Dear Kelvin,</p>
<p class="para-ltf sans fb_0">Thanks for helping me earlier. I was in deep shit. Now I’m in slightly shallower shit. Basically, I’m at war with a company called Sanchez Aluminum. I’ll give you the full story later. For now, I need another favor.</p>
<p class="para-lt sans fb_0">Sanchez Aluminum’s smelting facility is in a mini-bubble near the reactors. The reactor/smelter complex is a kilometer from town.</p>
<p class="para-lt sans fb_0">I did some research and found a twenty-year-old article about the “negotiations” between Sanchez and KSC. KSC got really hands-on in the smelter’s design process and Sanchez didn’t like it. They almost went to litigation in Kenyan court.</p>
<p class="para-lt sans fb_0">Sanchez’s argument was “It’s our smelter. We don’t need approval from anyone. Fuck off.”</p>
<p class="para-lt sans fb_0">KSC’s counter was “It’s 200 meters from our reactors. We need to know it won’t blow up. Give us approval rights or we won’t rent you the space, you little shits.”</p>
<p class="para-lt sans fb_0">Ultimately KSC won because they own the mini-bubble. They never sell property—they’re all about rent.</p>
<p class="para-ltl sans fb_0">Anyway, the upshot is KSC must have detailed schematics of the Sanchez smelter somewhere. Like…super detailed with every potential failure case analyzed and covered. I need you to get ahold of those documents. I know you work in a totally different part of KSC, but you still have access most people don’t. Feel free to spread some money around in the process. I’ll pay you back.</p>
<p class="para-lsa sans fb_0">Dear Jazz,</p>
<p class="para-ltf sans fb_0">The plans are enclosed. They were surprisingly easy to get. No part of them was considered a company secret or industrial process. Sanchez kept the exact chemistry in the smelter to themselves, but everything else was right there in the architectural plans.</p>
<p class="para-lt sans fb_0">I have a drinking buddy in the metallurgy lab in Building 27. They’d been consulted as part of the safety overview. He pulled the plans up on his boss’s computer (which has no password protection). All I had to do was buy him a beer.</p>
<p class="para-ltl sans fb_0">So the cost was two beers (had to have one myself, of course). Call it 50 slugs.</p>
<p class="para-lsa sans fb_0">Dear Kelvin</p>
<p class="para-ltf sans fb_0">Thanks, buddy. Make it 75 slugs and have another beer on me.</p></blockquote></div></body></html>