<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Kaynaklar</title>
  <link href="../Styles/Style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body>
  <p>AVRICH, PAUL (der.), <span style="font-style:italic;">The Anarchists in the Russian Revolution,</span> Cornell, 1973.</p>

  <p>BARCLAY, HAROLD B., “Segmental Acephalous Network Systems,” <span style="font-style:italic;">The Raven,</span> II, 3, 1989, ayrıca <span style="font-style:italic;">Guru Nanak Journal of Sociology,</span> VIII, 1, 1987.</p>

  <p>BARTON, RALPH, <span style="font-style:italic;">Ifugao Law,</span> University of California Publications in American Archaeology and Ethnology, XV, 1919.</p>

  <p>BERNDT, RONALD ve P. LAWRENCE (der.), <span style="font-style:italic;">Politics in New Guinea,</span> University of Western Australia, Perth, 1971.</p>

  <p>BICCHIERI, M.G. (der.), <span style="font-style:italic;">Hunters and Gatherers Today,</span> Holt, Rinehart ve Winston, 1972.</p>

  <p>BIRKET-SMITH, kaj, <span style="font-style:italic;">The Eskimo,</span> Methuen, 1959.</p>

  <p>DE LA BOETIE, ETIENNE, <span style="font-style:italic;">The Politics of Obedience,</span> Black Rose Press, Montreal, 1975.</p>

  <p>BOHANNAN, LAURA, “Political Aspects of Tiv Social Organization,” Middleton, John ve David Tait içinde.</p>

  <p>BOHANNAN, PAUL, <span style="font-style:italic;">Social Anthropology,</span> Holt, Rinehart ve Winston&nbsp;<span style="text-indent: 1.5em;">içinde.</span></p>

  <p>—“The Tiv of Nigeria,” Gibbs, James içinde.</p>

  <p>— “You Can’t Do Nothing,” <span style="font-style:italic;">American Anthropologist,</span> LXXXII, 3, 1980.</p>

  <p>BOURDIEU, PIERRE, <span style="font-style:italic;">The Algerians,</span> Beacon, Boston, 1962.</p>

  <p>BRENAN, GERALD, <span style="font-style:italic;">The Spanish Labyrinth,</span> Cambridge, 1962.</p>

  <p>BUBER, MARTIN, <span style="font-style:italic;">Paths to Utopia,</span> Beacon, Boston, 1958.</p>

  <p>CANNON, WALTER, “Voodoo Death,” <span style="font-style:italic;">American Anthropologist,</span> XLIV, 1942.</p>

  <p>CARNIERO, ROBERT L., “Political Expansion as an Expression of the Principle of Competitive Exclusion,” Cohen ve Service içinde.</p>

  <p>CLARKE, M.V., <span style="font-style:italic;">The Medieval City State,</span> Methuen, 1926.</p>

  <p>CLASTRES, PIERRE, <span style="font-style:italic;">Society Against the State,</span> Urizen, New York, 1977.</p>

  <p>COHEN, JOSEPH J., <span style="font-style:italic;">In Quest of Heaven,</span> Sunrise History Publ. Comm., New York, 1957.</p>

  <p>COHEN, RONALD, “State Foundations: A Controlled Comparison,” Cohen ve Service içinde.</p>

  <p>COHEN, RONALD VE ELMAN SERVICE (der.), <span style="font-style:italic;">Origins of the State,</span> Institute for the Study of Human Issues, Philadelphia, 1978.</p>

  <p>COLSON, ELIZABETH, <span style="font-style:italic;">The Plateau Tonga of Northern Rhodesia: Social and Religious Studies,</span> Manchester University Press, 1962.</p>

  <p>— &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span style="font-style:italic;">Tradition and Contract: The Problem of Order,</span> Aldine, Chicago, 1974.</p>

  <p>CONDOMINAS, GEORGE, “The Primitive Life of Vietnam’s Mountain People,” <span style="font-style:italic;">Man’s Many Ways</span> içinde, Richard A. Gould (der), Harper and Row, 1973.</p>

  <p>CULSHAW, W.J., <span style="font-style:italic;">Tribal Heritage,</span> Lutterworth Press, Londra, 1949. dahrendorf, rale, <span style="font-style:italic;">Class and Class Conflict in Industrial Society,</span> Stanford, 1959.</p>

  <p>DAMAS, DAVID, “The Copper Eskimos,” Bicchieri içinde, MG.</p>

  <p>DENTAN, ROBERT, <span style="font-style:italic;">The Semai: A Nonviolent People of Malaya,</span> Holt, Rinehart ve Winston, 1962.</p>

  <p>DOLE, GERTRUDE, “Anarchy Without Chaos: Alternatives to Political Authority Among the Kirikuru,” Swartz, Turner ve Tuden içinde.</p>

  <p>DOLGOFF, SAM (der), <span style="font-style:italic;">The Anarchist Collectives,</span> Free Life Editions, New York, 1977.</p>

  <p>DRIVER, HAROLD, <span style="font-style:italic;">Indians of North America,</span> Chicago, 1962.</p>

  <p>DRUCKER, PHILIP, <span style="font-style:italic;">Northern and Central Nootkan Tribes,</span> Bulletin of Bureau of American Ethnology, Washington, 1951.</p>

  <p>— &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span style="font-style:italic;">Cultures of the North Pacific Coast,</span> Chandler, San Francisco, 1965.</p>

  <p>DURRENBERGER, E. PAUL, “Stratification without a state: the collapse of the Icelandic Commonwealth,” <span style="font-style:italic;">Ethnos,</span> LIU, 3-4, 1988.</p>

  <p>DYSON-HUDSON, NEVILLE, <span style="font-style:italic;">Karamojong Politics,</span> Oxford, 1966.</p>

  <p>ELKIN, A.P., <span style="font-style:italic;">The Australian Aborigines,</span> Angus &amp;&nbsp;Robertson, Sydney,&nbsp;<span style="text-indent: 1.5em;">1961.</span></p>

  <p>ENGELS, FREDERICK, <span style="font-style:italic;">The Origin of the Family, Private Property and the State,</span> Pathfinder, New York, 1972.</p>

  <p>EVANS-PRITCHARD, B.E., <span style="font-style:italic;">The Political System of the Anuak of the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan,</span> London School of Economics, Monographs in Anthropology, 1940’lar.</p>

  <p>— &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span style="font-style:italic;">The Nuer,</span> Oxford, 1940b.</p>

  <p>— &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span style="font-style:italic;">Nuer Religion,</span> Oxford, 1956.</p>

  <p>— &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;“The Nuer of the Southern Sudan,” Fortes ve Evans-Pritchard içinde.</p>

  <p>FIRTH, RAYMOND, <span style="font-style:italic;">Essays on Social Anthropology and Values,</span> Athlone, Londra, 1964.</p>

  <p>FORTES MEYER ve E.E. EVANS-PRITCHARD, <span style="font-style:italic;">African Political Systems,</span> Oxford,&nbsp;<span style="text-indent: 1.5em;">1961.</span></p>

  <p>FRIED, MORTON, <span style="font-style:italic;">The Evolution of Political Society,</span> Random House, 1967. friedmann, robert, <span style="font-style:italic;">Hutterite Studies,</span> Mennonite Historical Soc., Goshen, Ind. 1961.</p>

  <p>FROMM, ERICH, <span style="font-style:italic;">Man for Himself,</span> Rinehart, 1947.</p>

  <p>GEDDES, W.R., <span style="font-style:italic;">Nine DayakNight,</span> Oxford, 1961.</p>

  <p>GELLNER, ERNEST, <span style="font-style:italic;">Saints of the Atlas,</span> Weidenfeld &amp;&nbsp;Nicolson, 1969. gibbs, james (der.), <span style="font-style:italic;">Peoples of Africa,</span> Holt, Rinehart and Winston, 1965.</p>

  <p>GJERSET, KNUT, <span style="font-style:italic;">History of Iceland,</span> Macmillan, 1925.</p>

  <p>GLUCKMAN, MAX, <span style="font-style:italic;">Politics, Law and Ritual in Tribal Society,</span> Aldine, 1965.</p>

  <p>GOODMAN, PAUL, <span style="font-style:italic;">Drawing the Line,</span> Random House, 1946.</p>

  <p>— &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span style="font-style:italic;">People or Personnel,</span> Random House, 1964.</p>

  <p>GOODY, JACK, <span style="font-style:italic;">Technology, Tradition and the State in Africa,</span> Oxford, 1971.</p>

  <p>GREEN, M.M., <span style="font-style:italic;">Ibo Village Affairs,</span> Praeger, 1964.</p>

  <p>GULLIVER, P.H., <span style="font-style:italic;">The Family Herds: A Study of Two Pastoral Tribes in East Africa: The Jie and Turkana,</span> Routledge and Kegan Paul, 1955.</p>

  <p>— &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;“The Jie of Uganda,” Gibbs, James içinde.</p>

  <p>HALLOWELL, A. IRVING, <span style="font-style:italic;">Culture and Experience,</span> Univ. of Pennsyl-vania, 1955.</p>

  <p>HAMMOND, PETER B. (der.), <span style="font-style:italic;">Cultural and Social Anthropology,</span> Macmillan, 1964.</p>

  <p>HARDY, DENNIS, <span style="font-style:italic;">Alternative Communities in Nineteenth Century England</span>, Longmans, 1979.</p>

  <p>HART, DAVID, “Clan, Lineage, Local Community and the Feud in a</p>

  <p>RIFFIAN TRIBE, “Sweet, Louise (der) içinde, <span style="font-style:italic;">Peoples and Cultures of the Middle East,</span> Natural History Press, 1970.</p>

  <p>— &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;“Rejoinder to Henry Munson Jr.” <span style="font-style:italic;">American Anthropologist,</span> XCI, 3,&nbsp;<span style="text-indent: 1.5em;">1989.</span></p>

  <p>HINDES, BARRY ve PAUL HIRST, <span style="font-style:italic;">Pre-Capitalist Modes of Production,</span> Routledge and Kegan Paul, 1975.</p>

  <p>HINE, VIRGINIA, “The Basic Paradigm of a Future Socio-Culture System,” <span style="font-style:italic;">World Issues,</span> II 1977, s.19-22.</p>

  <p>HOBSBAWM, ERIC J., <span style="font-style:italic;">Primitive Rebels,</span> Manchester University Press, 1959. hocart, am, <span style="font-style:italic;">Kings and Councillors,</span> Chicago, 1970.</p>

  <p>HOEBEL, E. ADAMSON, <span style="font-style:italic;">The Law of Primitive Man,</span> Harvard, 1961.</p>

  <p>— &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span style="font-style:italic;">Man in the Primitive World,</span> McGraw-Hill, 1958.</p>

  <p>HOGBIN, IAN (der), <span style="font-style:italic;">Anthropology of New Guinea,</span> Melburne University Press, 1973.</p>

  <p>— &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span style="font-style:italic;">The Leaders and the Led: Social Control in Wogeo, New Guinea,</span> Melburne University Press, 1979.</p>

  <p>HOLMBERG, ALAN, <span style="font-style:italic;">Nomads of the Longbow,</span> Smithsonian Institution, Washington, 1950.</p>

  <p>HONIGMANN, JOHN J., <span style="font-style:italic;">Ethnography of the Fort Nelson Slave,</span> Yale, 1946.</p>

  <p>— &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span style="font-style:italic;">Culture and Ethos of the Kaska,</span> Yale, 1949.</p>

  <p>HOSTETLER, JOHN A., <span style="font-style:italic;">Amish Society,</span> Johns Hopkins, 1963.</p>

  <p>— &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span style="font-style:italic;">Hutterite Society,</span> Johns Hopkins, 1974.</p>

  <p>HOWELL, P.P., <span style="font-style:italic;">A Manual of Nuer Law,</span> Oxford, 1954.</p>

  <p>HUGHES, DIANE, “Kinsmen and Neighbors in Medieval Genoa,” Harry A. Miskimin, David Herlihy ve A.L. Udovitch içinde, <span style="font-style:italic;">The Medieval City,</span> Yale, 1977.</p>

  <p>JENNESS, DIAMOND, <span style="font-style:italic;">The Carrier Indians of the Bulkley River: Their Social and Religious Life,</span> Bulletin of the Bureau of American Ethnology, 1943. klima, george, <span style="font-style:italic;">The Barabaig: East African Cattle Herders,</span> Holt, Rinehart ve Winston, 1970.</p>

  <p>KROEBER, ALFRED L., <span style="font-style:italic;">Handbook of the Indians of California,</span> California Book Co, 1953.</p>

  <p>— &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span style="font-style:italic;">Configurations of Culture Growth,</span> Univ. of California, 1944.</p>

  <p>KROPOTKIN, PETER, <span style="font-style:italic;">Mutual Aid: A Factor in Evolution,</span> Heinemann, Londra, 1902.</p>

  <p>— &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span style="font-style:italic;">The State: Its Historic Role,</span> Freedom Press, Londra, 1943. landauer,</p>

  <p>GUSTAV, <span style="font-style:italic;">For Socialism,</span> Telos, St Louis, 1978.</p>

  <p>LANGNESS, L.L., “Traditional Political Organization,” Hogbin, Ian içinde, 1973.</p>

  <p>— &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;“Bena Bena,” Berndt ve Lawrence içinde.</p>

  <p>LEE, RICHARD B., <span style="font-style:italic;">The Kung San: Men, Women and Work in a Foraging Society,</span> Cambridge University Press, 1979.</p>

  <p>LEHNING, ARTHUR (der.), <span style="font-style:italic;">Michael Bakunin: Selected Writings,</span> Grove Press, New York, 1973.</p>

  <p>LEVAL, GASTON, <span style="font-style:italic;">Collectives in theSpanish Revolution,</span> Freedom Press, Londra, 1975.</p>

  <p>LEVI-STRAUSS, CLAUDE, <span style="font-style:italic;">Tristes Tropiques,</span> Atheneum, New York, 1964.</p>

  <p>LEWARNE, CHARLES PIERCE, <span style="font-style:italic;">Utopias on Puget Sound 1885-1915,</span> University of Washington, 1975.</p>

  <p>LIENHARDT, GODFREY, ‘The Western Dinka’ in Middleton and Tait.</p>

  <p>LIPSET, SEYMOUR, MARTIN TROW ve JAMES COLEMAN, <span style="font-style:italic;">Union Democracy,</span> Doubleday, 1956.</p>

  <p>LODGE, E.C., “The Communal Movement in France,” cambridge medıeval hıstory, Cilt V, 1926.</p>

  <p>LOWIE, ROBERT, <span style="font-style:italic;">The Origin of the State,</span> Rinehart, 1927.</p>

  <p>— &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;“Social and Political Life of the Tropical Forest and Marginal Tribes,”</p>

  <p>STEWARD, JULIAN (der) içinde, <span style="font-style:italic;">Handbook of South American Indians,</span> Cilt V, 1949.</p>

  <p>— &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span style="font-style:italic;">Social Organization,</span> Holt Rinehart ve Winston, 1960.</p>

  <p>MAINE, HENRY, <span style="font-style:italic;">AncientLaw,</span> Murray, Londra, 1861. mair, lucy, <span style="font-style:italic;">Primitive Government,</span> Penguin, 1962.</p>

  <p>MACHAJSKI, WACLAW, “On the Expropriation of the Capitalists,”&nbsp;<span style="text-indent: 1.5em;">CALVERTON,&nbsp;V.F. (der.) içinde,</span> <span style="text-indent: 1.5em; font-style: italic;">The Making of Society,</span> <span style="text-indent: 1.5em;">Random House, 1937.</span></p>

  <p>MALINOWSKI, B<span style="text-indent: 1.5em;">.,</span> <span style="text-indent: 1.5em; font-style: italic;">Crime and Custom in Savage Society,</span> <span style="text-indent: 1.5em;">Kegan, Paul, Trench ve Trubner, Londra, 1932.</span></p>

  <p>MARSHALL, LORNA, “The Kung Bushman of the Kalahari Desert,” Gibbs, James içinde.</p>

  <p>MARTIN, JAMES J., <span style="font-style:italic;">Men Against the State,</span> Libertarian Book Club, New York, 1957.</p>

  <p>MARTINES, LAURO, <span style="font-style:italic;">Power and Imagination,</span> Alfred A Knopf, New York, 1979.</p>

  <p>MAXIMOFF, G.P., <span style="font-style:italic;">The Political Philosophy of Bakunin: Scientific Anarchism,</span> Free Press, Glencoe, Illinois, 1953.</p>

  <p>MICHELS, ROBERT, <span style="font-style:italic;">First Lectures in Political Sociology,</span> Harper, 1949.</p>

  <p>— &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span style="font-style:italic;">Political Parties,</span> Dover, 1959.</p>

  <p>MIDDLETON, JOHN, “The Political System of the Lugbara of the Nile-Congo Divide,” Middleton ve Tait içinde.</p>

  <p>— &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span style="font-style:italic;">The Lugbara of Uganda,</span> Holt, Rinehart and Winston, 1965.</p>

  <p>MIDDLETON, JOHN ve DAVID TAIT, <span style="font-style:italic;">Tribes withoutRulers,</span> Rutledge ve Kegan Paul, Londra, 1958.</p>

  <p>MUKHERJEA, CHARULAL, <span style="font-style:italic;">The Santals ,</span> Mukherjee Co, Calcutta,&nbsp;<span style="text-indent: 1.5em;">1962.</span></p>

  <p>MUNSON, HENRY J.R.<span style="text-indent: 1.5em;">, “On the Irrelevance of the Segmentary Lineage Model in the Moroccan Rif,”;</span> <span style="text-indent: 1.5em; font-style: italic;">American Anthropologist,</span> <span style="text-indent: 1.5em;">XCI, 2, 1989.</span></p>

  <p>MURDOCK, GEORGE P<span style="text-indent: 1.5em;">., “The Common Denominator of Cultures,”</span></p>

  <p>LINTON, R.<span style="text-indent: 1.5em;">&nbsp;içinde,</span> <span style="text-indent: 1.5em; font-style: italic;">The Science of Man in the World Crisis,</span> <span style="text-indent: 1.5em;">Columbia Univ, 1945.</span></p>

  <p>NADEL, S.F., <span style="font-style:italic;">BlackByzantium,</span> Oxford, 1942.</p>

  <p>NOMAD, MAX, <span style="font-style:italic;">Aspects of Revolt,</span> Noonday Press, 1959.</p>

  <p>— &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span style="font-style:italic;">Masters: Old and New,</span> Black Cat Press, Edmonton, Alberta, 1979.</p>

  <p>ORANS, MARTIN, <span style="font-style:italic;">The Santal,</span> Wayne State University Press, 1965.</p>

  <p>ORENSTEIN, HENRY, “Asymmetrical Reciprocity: A Contribution to the Theory of Political Legitimacy,” <span style="font-style:italic;">Current Anthropology,</span> XXI, 1980.</p>

  <p>PARETO, VILFREDO, <span style="font-style:italic;">Sociological Writings,</span> Praeger, 1966.</p>

  <p>PEHRSON, ROBERT N., “The Lappish Herding Leader: A Structural Analysis,” <span style="font-style:italic;">American Anthropologist,</span> LVI, 1954.</p>

  <p>PELLICANI, LUCIANO, <span style="font-style:italic;">Red Bureaucracy,</span> Black Cat Press, Edmonton, Alberta, 1979.</p>

  <p>PIRENNE, HENRI, <span style="font-style:italic;">Early democracies in the Low Countries,</span> Harper and Row, New York, 1963.</p>

  <p>POSPISIL, LEOPOLD, <span style="font-style:italic;">The Kapauku Papuans,</span> Holt, Rinehart ve Winston, 1963.</p>

  <p>PREVITE-ORTON, C.W., “The Italian Cities Till c 1200,” <span style="font-style:italic;">Cambridge Mediaeval History</span> içinde, V, 1926.</p>

  <p>PROUDHON, PIERRE J., <span style="font-style:italic;">The General Idea of the Revolution in the Nineteenth Century,</span> Freedom Press, Londra, 1923.</p>

  <p>— &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span style="font-style:italic;">The Principle of Federation,</span> Toronto, 1979.</p>

  <p>— &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span style="font-style:italic;">What is Property?,</span> William Reeves, Londra, Tarihsiz.</p>

  <p>RADCLIFFE-BROWN. A.R., <span style="font-style:italic;">The Andaman Islanders,</span> Free Press, Glencoe, I11, 1948.</p>

  <p>— &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span style="font-style:italic;">Structure and Function in Primitive Society,</span> Free Press, Glencoe, Illinois, 1952.</p>

  <p>READ, KENNETH, “Leadership and Consensus in a New Guinea Society,” <span style="font-style:italic;">American Anthropologist,</span> LXI, 1959.</p>

  <p>RICHARDS, VERNON, <span style="font-style:italic;">Lessons of the Spanish Revolution,</span> Freedom Press, Londra, 1953.</p>

  <p>RITTER, ALLEN, <span style="font-style:italic;">Anarchism: A Theoretical Analysis,</span> Cambridge Univ, 1980.</p>

  <p>ROCKER, RUDOLF, <span style="font-style:italic;">Nationalism and Culture,</span> Rocker Publications Comm Los Angeles, 1937.</p>

  <p>RÖRIG, FRITZ, <span style="font-style:italic;">The Medieval Town,</span> Batsford, Londra, 1967.</p>

  <p>SAHLINS, MARSHALL, “Poor Man, Rich Man, Big-Man, Chief: Political Types in Melanesia and Polynesia,” <span style="font-style:italic;">Comparative Studies in Society and History,</span> Cilt V, 1963.</p>

  <p>— &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span style="font-style:italic;">Tribesmen,</span> Prentice-Hall, 1968.</p>

  <p>SCHNEIDER, HAROLD K., <span style="font-style:italic;">Livestock and Equality in East Africa,</span> Indiana University Press, Bloomington, Indiana, 1979.</p>

  <p>SCHUMACHER, ERNST, <span style="font-style:italic;">Small is Beautiful,</span> Harper and Row, 1973.</p>

  <p>SCHURTZ, HEINRICH, <span style="font-style:italic;">Alterklassen und Mannerbünde,</span> Reimer Berlin, 1902.</p>

  <p>SERVICE, ELMAN, <span style="font-style:italic;">Primitive Social Organization,</span> Random House,&nbsp;<span style="text-indent: 1.5em;">1962.</span></p>

  <p>— &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span style="font-style:italic;">The Hunters,</span> Prentice-Hall, 1966.</p>

  <p>— &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<span style="font-style:italic;">Origins of the State and Civilization,</span> WW Norton, 1975.</p>

  <p>SHARP, LAURISTON, “People without Politics: The Yir Yiront,” Hammond, Peter içinde.</p>

  <p>SOMERS, GEORGE E., <span style="font-style:italic;">The Dynamics of Santal Traditions in a Peasant Society,</span> Abhenav Publs, New Delhi, 1977.</p>

  <p>SPENCER, ARTHUR, <span style="font-style:italic;">The Lapps,</span> Crane, Russick and Co, 1978. spencer, b. ve gillen, f.j., <span style="font-style:italic;">The Arunta,</span> Macmillan, Londra, 1927. spencer, robert f., <span style="font-style:italic;">The North Alaskan Eskimos: A Study in Ecology and Society,</span> Bulletin of Bureau of American Ethnology, Washington, 1959.</p>

  <p>SPOONER, LYSANDER, <span style="font-style:italic;">Let’s Abolish Government,</span> Arno Press, New York, 1972.</p>

  <p>STEWARD, JULIAN, <span style="font-style:italic;">Basin-Plateau Aboriginal So do-Political Groups,</span> Bulletin Bureau of American Ethnology, Washington, 1938.</p>

  <p>STEWARD, JULIAN ve LOUIS FARON, <span style="font-style:italic;">Native Peoples of South America,</span> McGraw-Hill, 1959.</p>

  <p>SWARTZ, MARK, VICTOR TURNER ve ARTHUR EDEN (der.), <span style="font-style:italic;">Political Anthropology,</span> Aldine, 1966.</p>

  <p>TAIT, DAVID, “The Territorial Pattern and Lineage System of Konkomba,” Middleton ve Tait içinde.</p>

  <p>— &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;“The Political System of Konkomba,” Ottenberg, Simon ve Phoebe&nbsp;<span style="text-indent: 1.5em;">(der.) içinde,</span> <span style="text-indent: 1.5em; font-style: italic;">Cultures and Societies of Africa,</span> <span style="text-indent: 1.5em;">Random House, 1960.</span></p>

  <p>TAYLOR, MICHAEL, <span style="font-style:italic;">Anarchy and Cooperation,</span> John Wiley, 1976. thomas, elizabeth m., <span style="font-style:italic;">The Harmless People,</span> Random House, 1958.</p>

  <p>THOMPSON, LAURA, <span style="font-style:italic;">The Secret of Culture,</span> Random House, 1969. treitschke, h. von, <span style="font-style:italic;">Politics,</span> Harcourt, Brace &amp;&nbsp;World, 1963. turnbull, colin, <span style="font-style:italic;">The Forest People,</span> Doubleday, 1962.</p>

  <p>— &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;“The Mbuti Pygmies of the Congo,” Gibbs, James içinde.</p>

  <p>TURNER, VICTOR, <span style="font-style:italic;">The Ritual Process,</span> Aldine, 1969.</p>

  <p>TYLOR, EDWARD B., <span style="font-style:italic;">Anthropology,</span> Watts, Londra, 1946.</p>

  <p>UCHENDU, VICTOR, <span style="font-style:italic;">The Igbo of Southeast Nigeria,</span> Holt, Rinehart and Winston, 1965.</p>

  <p>VEYSEY, LAURENCE, <span style="font-style:italic;">The Communal Experience: Anarchist and Mystical Communities in Twentieth-Century America,</span> Chicago, 1978.</p>

  <p>VINOGRADOV, AMAL, <span style="font-style:italic;">The Ait Ndhir of Morocco: A Study of the Social Transformation of a Berber Tribe,</span> University of Michigan, 1974.</p>

  <p>VOLINE, <span style="font-style:italic;">The Unknown Revolution,</span> Libertarian Book Club, New York, 1955.</p>

  <p>VORREN, O. ve E. MANKER, <span style="font-style:italic;">Lapp Life and Custom,</span> Oxford, 1962. warner, W. lloyd, <span style="font-style:italic;">A Black Civilization,</span> Harper, 1958.</p>

  <p>WATANABE, HITOSHI, “The Ainu,” Bicchieri içinde.</p>

  <p>WATSON, JAMES B. (der.), <span style="font-style:italic;">New Guinea: The CentralHighlands,</span> Special publication <span style="font-style:italic;">of American Anthropologist,</span> 1964.</p>

  <p>— &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;“Tairora,” Berndt ve Lawrence içinde.</p>

  <p>WEBER, MAX, <span style="font-style:italic;">The Theory of Social and Economic Organization,</span> Free Press, New York, 1964.</p>

  <p>WINTER, EDWARD, “The Aboriginal Political Structure of Bwamba,” Middleton ve Tait içinde.</p>

  <p>WISSLER, CLARK, <span style="font-style:italic;">Man and Culture,</span> Crowell, New York, 1923.</p>

  <p>WITTFOGEL, KARL A., <span style="font-style:italic;">Oriental Despotism,</span> Yale, 1963.</p>
</body>
</html>
