<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head><meta name="charset" content="UTF-8"/>
<title></title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/main.css" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<h3>KAYNAKÇA</h3>
<p><i>Indonesia: Towards Democracy.</i> Singapore: ISEAS.</p>
<p><i>The Dynamics of Global Dominance: European Overseas Empires, 1415-1980.</i> New Haven: Yale University Press.</p>
<p><i>American Economic Review </i>91(5):1369-1401.</p>
<p><i>Quarterly Journal ofEconomics</i> 107:1231-94.</p>
<p><i>Economic Origins of Dictatorship and Democracy.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>Why Nations Fail: The Origins ofPower, Prosperity and Poverty.</i> New York: Crown.</p>
<p><i>The Banker’s New Clothes: What’s Wrong with Banking and What to Do About It.</i> Princeton: Princeton University Press.</p>
<p><i>Foundations of Constitutional Government in Modern lapan, 1868-1900. </i>Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.</p>
<p><i>Italy-Republic Without Government?</i> New York: Norton.</p>
<p><i>Politics and Society in Post-WarNaples.</i> Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>Comparative Politics: A Theoretical Framework.</i> 5th ed. New York: Pearson/Longman.</p>
<p><i>Asia’s Next Giant: South Korea and Late Industrialization.</i> New York: Oxford University Press.</p>
<p><i>Imagined Communities: Refl.ections on the Origins and</i><i>of Nationalism.</i> New York: Verso.</p>
<p>Ang, Yuen Yuen. 2012. “Bureaucratic Incentives, Local Development, and Petty Rents.’’ Devlet Kalitesi Konferansında sunulan makale. Stanford University.</p>
<p><i>Import Tari Evasion and Customs Corruption: Does Pre-Shipment Inspection Help?</i> Washington, D.C.: World Bank.</p>
<p><i>Latin American Research Review</i> 35(3):55-81.</p>
<p><i>Indigenous African Institutions.</i> 2. b. Ardsley-on- Hudson, NY: Transactional Publishers.</p>
<p><i>The English Constitution.</i> New York: Oxford University Press.</p>
<p><i>Environmental History</i> 7(2):198-225.</p>
<p><i>American Economic Review </i>95(4):1190-1213.</p>
<p><i>The Moral Basis of a Backward Society.</i> Glencoe, İL: Free Press.</p>
<p><i>City Politics.</i> Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.</p>
<p><i>Instruction to Deliver: Fighting to Transform Britains Public Services. </i>London: Methuen.</p>
<p><i>Beyond Capitalism vs. Socialism in Kenya and Tanzania.</i> Boulder, CO: Lynne Rienner.</p>
<p><i>Determinants of Economic Growth: A Cross-Country Survey.</i> Cambri-dge, MA: MİT Press.</p>
<p><i>Journal ofPolitical Economy</i> 107: 158-83.</p>
<p><i>Markets and States in Tropical Africa: The Political Basis of Agricultural Policies.</i> Berkeley: University of California Press.</p>
<p><i>Basic Interests: The Importance ofGroups in Politics and in Political Science.</i> Princeton: Princeton University Press.</p>
<p><i>Lobbying and Policy Change: Who Wins, Who Loses, and Why.</i> Chicago: University of Chicago Press.</p>
<p><i>From Imperial Myth to Democracy: Japans Two Constitutions, 1889-2002.</i> Boulder: University Press of Colorado.</p>
<p><i>The Coming of Post-Industrial Society: A Venture in Social Forecasting</i> New York: Basic Books.</p>
<p><i>Foreign Affairs</i> 92(1):64-74.</p>
<p><i>Civil Law in Qing and Republican China. </i>Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press.</p>
<p><i>No Condition Is Permanent: The Social Dynamics of Agrarian Change in Sub-Saharan Africa.</i> Madison: University of Wisconsin Press.</p>
<p><i>Interest Group Politics in Europe: Lessonsfrom EU Studies and Comparative Politics.</i> New York: Routledge.</p>
<p><i>Tanzania: Party Transformation and Economic Development.</i> Prince-ton: Princeton University Press.</p>
<p><i>Big City Boss in Depression and War: Mayor Edward J. Kelly of Chicago. </i>DeKalb: Northern Illinois University Press.</p>
<p><i>New Ideas in Development After the Financial Crisis.</i> Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press.</p>
<p><i>Law in Imperial China, Exemplified by 190 CWing Dynasty Cases.</i> Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.</p>
<p><i>Democracy and Redistribution.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>The Trouble With Government.</i> Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.</p>
<p><i>Bossism and Reform in a Southern City: Lexington, Kentucky, 18801940.</i> Lexington: University Press of Kentucky.</p>
<p><i>Costa Rica: Questfor Democracy.</i> Boulder, CO: Westview Press.</p>
<p><i>The Mexican Economy, 1870-1930: Essays on the Economic History of Institutions, Revolution, and Growth.</i> Stanford, CA: Stanford Uni-versity Press.</p>
<p><i>Narrating Peoplehood Amidst Diversity: Historical and Theoretical Perspectives.</i> Aarhus, Denmark: Aarhus University Press.</p>
<p><i>Patronage and Society in Nineteenth-Century England.</i> Baltimore: Edward Arnold.</p>
<p><i>Wildfire Policy: Law and Economics Perspectives. </i>New York: RFF Press.</p>
<p><i>Democratic Experiments in Africa: Regime Transitions in Comparative Perspective.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>The Age of Improvement, 1783-1867.</i><i>Political Science Quarterly</i> 24(1):1-22.</p>
<p><i>Nationalism Reframed: Nationhood and the National Question in the New Europe.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>Ethnicity without Groups.</i> Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.</p>
<p><i>Latin American Research Review</i> 39(2):66-88.</p>
<p><i>The Second Machine Age: Work, Progress, and Prosperity in a Time ofBrilliant Technologies.</i> New York: Norton.</p>
<p><i>The Calculus ofConsent: Logical Foundations of Constitutional Democracy.</i> Ann Arbor: University of Michigan Press.</p>
<p><i>On Empire, Liberty, and Reform: Speeches and Letters.</i> New Haven: Yale University Press.</p>
<p><i>Reflections on the Revolution in France.</i> Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press.</p>
<p><i>The Emergence of Latin America in the Nineteenth Century.</i> 2. b. New York: Oxford University Press.</p>
<p><i>Regulating Politics? The Democratic Imperative and American Political Reform.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>American Journal of Political Science</i> 48(4):742-57.</p>
<p><i>Nigeria: Dancing on the Brink.</i> Lanham, MD: Rowman and Littlefield.</p>
<p><i>Lincoln and the Patronage.</i> New York: Co-lumbia University Press.</p>
<p><i>Science</i> 169: 733-38.</p>
<p><i>Journal of Democracy</i> 18(1):12-27.</p>
<p><i>Promoting the Rule of Law Abroad: In Search of Knowledge.</i> Washington,</p>
<p>D.C.: Carnegie Endowment.</p>
<p><i>The Forging of Bureaucratic Autonomy: Reputations, Networks, and Policy Innovation in Executive Agencies, 1862-1928.</i> Princeton: Princeton University Press.</p>
<p><i>William and Mary Law Review</i> 26(2):177-98.</p>
<p>---. 2000. “The United States at the End of the ’American Century’: The Rule of Law or</p>
<p><i>Washington University Journal of Law and Policy</i> 4:149-73.</p>
<p><i>Being ’Middle Class” in Latin America.</i> Paris: OECD Development Centre Working Paper, No. 305.</p>
<p><i>American Journal ofSociology</i> 102(6):1565-1605.</p>
<p><i>Blood and Debt: War and the Nation-State in Latin America.</i> University Park:</p>
<p>Pennsylvania State University Press.</p>
<p><i>The Historical Journal</i> 19(3):665-83.</p>
<p><i>Comparative Public Administration.</i><i>Why Ethnic Parties Succeed: Patronage and Ethnic Head Counts in India. </i>New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>The Higher Civil Service in Britain.</i> London: Constable.</p>
<p><i>The Civil Service Commission 1855-1991: A Bureau Biography.</i> New York: Rout-</p>
<p>ledge.</p>
<p><i>Journal of Democracy</i> 19(4):125-39.</p>
<p><i>Chinese Law: Towards an Understanding ofChinese Law, Its Nature and Development.</i> Boston: Kluwer Law International.</p>
<p><i>Chinese Law: Context and Transformation.</i> Leiden: Martinus Nijhoff.</p>
<p><i>You, the People: The United Nations, Transitional Administration, and State-Building.</i> New York: Oxford University Press.</p>
<p><i>Patronage, Power, and Poverty in Southern Italy: A Tale of Two Cities. </i>New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>A Farewell to Alms: A Brief Economic History of the World.</i> Princeton: Princeton University Press.</p>
<p><i>Democracy and the Culture ofSkepticism: Po-litical Trust in Argentina and Mexico.</i> New York: Russell Sage Foundation.</p>
<p><i>American Historical Review</i> 83:80-100.</p>
<p><i>Latin America and the World Economy Since 1800.</i> Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.</p>
<p><i>The History Teacher</i> 9(3):445-63.</p>
<p><i>Reform and Reformers in the Progressive Era.</i> Westport, CT: Greenwood Press.</p>
<p><i>American Journal ofSociology</i> 94: S95-S120.</p>
<p><i>Equality of Educational Opportunity.</i> Washington, D.C.: Department of Health, Education and Welfare.</p>
<p><i>The Inca and Aztec States, 1400-1800: Anthropology and History.</i> New York: Academic Press.</p>
<p><i>Economic Policy</i> 32:129-66.</p>
<p><i>The Bottom Billion: Why the Poorest Countries Are Failing and What Can Be</i></p>
<p><i>Done About It.</i> New York: Oxford University Press.</p>
<p><i>Economic Causes ofCivil Conflict and Their Implicati-onsfor Policy.</i> Oxford: Oxford Economic Papers.</p>
<p><i>Oxford Economic Papers</i> 61:1-27.</p>
<p><i>Paths Toward Democracy: The Working Class and Elites in Wes-tern Europe and South America.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>A Cycle of Power: The Career of Jersey City Mayor Frank Hague. </i>Metuchen, NJ: Scarecrow Press.</p>
<p><i>American Economic Review</i> 66(2):95-130.</p>
<p><i>Victorian Studies</i> 7:35-66.</p>
<p><i>The Political Economy ofArgentina in the Twentieth Century. </i>New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>The Great Stagnation: How America Ate Ali the Low-Hanging Fruit of Modern History, Got Sick, and Will (Eventually) Feel Better.</i> New York: Dutton.</p>
<p>Cox, Gary. 2013. “The Power ofthe Purse and the Reversionary Budget.” Yayınlanmamış makale.</p>
<p>Cox, Gary, Douglass North, ve Barry Weingast. 2013. “The Violence Trap: A Political-Econo-mic Approach to the Problem of Development.” Yayınlanmamış makale.</p>
<p><i>The Politics ofthe Prussian Army, 1640-1945.</i> New York: Oxford Uni-versity Press.</p>
<p><i>The Federal Machine: Beginning of Bureaucracy in Jacksonian America.</i> Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press.</p>
<p><i>Japan’s Questfor Autonomy: National Security and Foreign</i><i>1930-1938.</i> Princeton: Princeton University Press.</p>
<p><i>My Nigeria: Five Decades of Independence.</i> New York: Palgrave Macmillan.</p>
<p><i>The Rise and Fail ofthe Plantation Complex: Essays in Atlantic His-tory.</i> 2nd ed. New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>A Preface to Democratic Theory.</i> Chicago: University of Chicago Press.</p>
<p><i>Pluralist Democracy in the United States: Conflict and Consent.</i> Chicago: Rand</p>
<p>McNally.</p>
<p><i>Dilemmas of Pluralist Democracy: Autonomy vs. Control.</i> New Haven: Yale Uni-</p>
<p>versity Press.</p>
<p><i>Sukarno and the Struggle for Indonesian Independence.</i> Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press.</p>
<p><i>Resisting Occupation: Mass Schooling and the Creation of Durable National Loyalties.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>Pancasila and the Search for Identity and Modernity in Indonesian Society.</i> New York: E. J. Brill.</p>
<p><i>French Law: Its Structure, Sources, and Methodology.</i> Baton Rouge: Loui-siana State University Press.</p>
<p><i>Discretionary Justice in Europe and America.</i> Urbana: University of Illinois Press.</p>
<p><i>Fluid Iron: State Formation in Southeast Asia.</i> Honolulu: University of Hawaii Press.</p>
<p><i>Land Law and Land Ownership in Africa: Case Studies from Colonial and Contemporary Cameroon and Tanzania.</i> Bayreuth, Ger-many: Eckhard Breitinger.</p>
<p><i>Guns, Germs, and Steel: The Fates ofHuman Societies.</i> New York: Norton.</p>
<p><i>Collapse: How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed.</i> New York: Viking.</p>
<p><i>American Behavioral Scientist</i> 15(4-5):450-99.</p>
<p><i>The Spirit of Democracy: The Struggle to Build Free Societies Throughout the</i></p>
<p><i>World.</i> New York: Times Books.</p>
<p><i>Political Parties and Democracy.</i> Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press.</p>
<p><i>Democracy in Developing Countries.</i> Boulder, CO: Lynne Rienner.</p>
<p><i>Journal of Public Administration Research and Theory</i> 4(3): 277-320.</p>
<p><i>America’s Role in Nation-Building: From Germany to Iraq.</i> Santa Monica, CA: RAND Corp.</p>
<p><i>The UN’s Role in Nation-Building: From the Congo to Iraq.</i> Santa Monica, CA:</p>
<p>RAND.</p>
<p><i>Parliaments and Majority Rule in Western Europe.</i> New York: St. Mar-tin’s Press.</p>
<p><i>The Division of Labor in Society.</i> New York: Macmillan.</p>
<p><i>Suicide.</i> Glencoe, IL: Free Press.</p>
<p><i>The Rise of Modern Japan.</i> Boston: Houghton Mifflin.</p>
<p><i>The Middle Class Consensus and Economic Development.</i> Washin-gton, D.C.: World Bank Policy Research Paper No. 2346.</p>
<p><i>Economic Development and Cultural Change</i> 49(4):687-706.</p>
<p><i>Traditional Patrimonialism and Modern Neopatrimonialism.</i> Beverly Hills, CA: Sage.</p>
<p><i>Building States and Nations.</i> Beverly Hills, CA: Sage.</p>
<p><i>Patrons, Clients, and Friends: Interpersonal Relations and the Structure of Trust in Society.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>The Printing Revolution in Early Modern Europe.</i><i>The Nature ofAfrican Custo-mary Law.</i> Manchester, UK: Manchester University Press.</p>
<p><i>Empires of the Atlantic World: Britain and Spain in America, 1492-1830. </i>New Haven: Yale University Press.</p>
<p><i>Jane Addams and the Dream of American Democracy: A Life. </i>New York: Basic Books.</p>
<p><i>The Idea oflndonesia.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>Slavery in the Development of the Americas.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>Journal of Democracy</i> 15(1):94-108.</p>
<p><i>Journal of Democracy</i> 23(2):62-73.</p>
<p><i>Economia</i> 3(1):41-101.</p>
<p><i>Political Parties in Western Democracies.</i> New York: Praeger.</p>
<p><i>Missis-sippi Valley Historical Review</i> 13(4):517-40.</p>
<p><i>Global Trends 2030-Citizens in an In-terconnected and Polycentric World.</i> Paris: EUISS.</p>
<p><i>Sociological Forum</i> 4(4):561-82.</p>
<p><i>Embedded Autonomy: States and Industrial Transformation.</i> Princeton: Prin-</p>
<p>ceton University Press.</p>
<p><i>American Sociological Review</i> 64:748-65.</p>
<p><i>Kinship and Marriage Among the Nuer.</i> Oxford: Oxford Uni-versity Press.</p>
<p><i>The Political System of the Anuak of the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan.</i> New York: AMS</p>
<p>Press.</p>
<p><i>The Great Chinese Revolution, 1800-1985.</i> New York: Harper.</p>
<p><i>Colonialism and Violence in Nigeria.</i> Bloomington: Indiana University Press.</p>
<p><i>A History of Nigeria.</i> New York: Cambridge Uni-versity Press.</p>
<p><i>American Political Science Review</i> 97:75-90.</p>
<p>Felice, Emanuele. 2010. “Regional Inequalities in Italy in the Long Run (1891-2001): The Pat-tern and Some Ideas to Explain It.” University of Siena, Department of Economics.</p>
<p><i>Empire: The Rise and Demise ofthe British World Order and Its Les-sonsfor Global Power.</i> New York: Basic Books.</p>
<p><i>The Colonial Empires: A Comparative Survey from the Eighteenth Cen-tury.</i> 2. b. London: Macmillan.</p>
<p><i>Revival and Rebellion in Colonial Central Africa.</i> Princeton: Prince-ton University Press.</p>
<p><i>Disconnect: The Breakdown of Representation in American Politics. </i>Norman: University of Oklahoma Press.</p>
<p><i>American Interest</i> 8(4):58-67.</p>
<p><i>Culture War? The Myth of a Polarized America.</i> 3. b. Boston: Longman.</p>
<p><i>Albions Seed: Four British Folkways in America.</i> New York: Ox-ford University Press.</p>
<p><i>Time on the Cross: e Economics of American Negro Slavery.</i> Boston: Little, Brown.</p>
<p>---. 1977. “Explaining the Relative Efficiency of Slave Agriculture in the Antebellum</p>
<p><i>American Economic Review</i> 67(3):275-96.</p>
<p><i>Politics and Economic Development in Nigeria.</i><i>The Darw_in Economy: Liberty, Competition, and the Common Good. </i>Princeton: Princeton University Press.</p>
<p><i>The Winner-Take-All Society.</i> New York: Free Press.</p>
<p><i>That Used to Be Us: How America Fell Behind in the World It Invented and How We Can Come Back.</i> New York: Farrar, Straus and Giroux.</p>
<p><i>Totalitarian Dictatorship and Autocracy.</i></p>
<p>2. b. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.</p>
<p><i>The End ofHistory and the Last Man.</i> New York: Free Press.</p>
<p><i>Trust: The Social Virtues and the Creation of Prosperity.</i> New York: Free Press.</p>
<p><i>The Great Disruption: Human Nature and the Reconstitution of Social Order.</i></p>
<p>New York: Free Press.</p>
<p><i>Journal ofDemocracy</i> 11(1):11-17.</p>
<p><i>State-Building: Governance and World Order in the 21st Century.</i> Ithaca, NY:</p>
<p>Cornell University Press.</p>
<p><i>America at the Crossroads: Democracy, Power, and the Neoconservative Legacy.</i></p>
<p>New Haven: Yale University Press.</p>
<p><i>Journal ofDemocracy</i> 17(2):5-20.</p>
<p><i>Current History</i></p>
<p>110(739):308-10.</p>
<p><i>The Origins ofPolitical Order: From Prehuman Times to the French Revolution.</i></p>
<p>New York: Farrar, Straus and Giroux.</p>
<p><i>Foreign Affairs</i> 91(1):53-61.</p>
<p><i>Governance</i> 26(3):347-68.</p>
<p><i>Our Posthuman Future: Consequences of the Biotechnology Revolution.</i> New</p>
<p>York: Farrar, Straus and Giroux.</p>
<p><i>Nation-Building: Beyond Afghanistan and Iraq.</i> Baltimore: Johns Hopkins</p>
<p>University Press.</p>
<p><i>Falling Behind: Explaining the Development Gap Between Latin America</i></p>
<p><i>and the United States.</i> New York: Oxford University Press.</p>
<p><i>The “Virtual Corporation” and Army Or-ganization.</i> Santa Monica, CA: RAND Corp.</p>
<p><i>Interpreting the French Revolution.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>Journal ofDemocracy</i> 8:92-102.</p>
<p><i>Law &amp; Society Review</i> 40(4):783-816.</p>
<p><i>American Journal of Tropical Medicine &amp; Hygiene</i> 64(1-2):85-96.</p>
<p><i>Can a Polarized American Party System Be “Healthy”?</i> Washing-ton, D.C.: Brookings Institution.</p>
<p><i>The Sicilian Mafia: Th e Business ofPrivate Protection.</i> Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.</p>
<p><i>Colonialism in Africa, 1870-1960.</i><i>History and Politics of Colonialism 1914-1960.</i> London: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>International Journal of Public Administration</i> 21(1):145-71.</p>
<p><i>The Jeffersonian Dream: Studies in the History of American Land Policy and Development.</i> Albuquerque: University of New Mexico Press.</p>
<p><i>A Dirty War in West Africa: The RUF and the Destruction of Sierra Leone.</i> Bloomington: Indiana University Press.</p>
<p><i>Politicians Dilemma: Building State Capacity in Latin America.</i> Ber-keley: University of California Press.</p>
<p><i>Culture, Identity, and Politics.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>Nationalism.</i> New York: NYU Press.</p>
<p><i>Nations and Nationalism.</i> 2. b. Malden, MA: Blackwell.</p>
<p><i>Economic Backwardness in Historical Perspective.</i> Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.</p>
<p><i>Mandarins of the Future: Modernization Theory in Cold War America. </i>Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press.</p>
<p><i>Italy and Its Discontents: Family, Civil Society, State, 1980-2001.</i> New York: Palgrave Macmillan.</p>
<p><i>Civil Services of the United Kingdom, 1855-1970.</i> London: Frank Cass.</p>
<p><i>The Twentieth-Century Welfare State.</i> New York: St. Martin’s Press.</p>
<p><i>Journal ofPe-ace Research</i> 39(5):615-37.</p>
<p><i>A Nation Under Lawyers: How the Crisis in the Legal Profession Is Transforming American Society.</i> New York: Farrar, Straus and Giroux.</p>
<p><i>Social Unrest in China.</i> London: Europe China Research and Advice Network.</p>
<p><i>Revolution and Rebellion in the Early Modern World.</i> Berkeley: Uni-versity of California Press.</p>
<p><i>The Rule ofLaw in lapan: A Comparative Analysis.</i> 3. b. The Hague: Kluwer Law International.</p>
<p><i>Comparative Administrative Law: An Analysis of the Administra-tive Systems, National and Local, of the United States, England, France and Germany.</i> 2 c. New York: G. P. Putnam’s Sons.</p>
<p><i>Politics and Administration: A Study in Government.</i> New York: Macmillan.</p>
<p><i>Technology, Tradition, and the State in Africa.</i> Oxford: Oxford Univer-sity Press.</p>
<p><i>Labor and Imperial Democracy in Prewar lapan.</i> Berkeley: Univer-sity of California Press.</p>
<p><i>The Disciplinary Revolution: Calvinism and the Rise of the State in Early Modern Europe.</i> Chicago: University of Chicago Press.</p>
<p><i>Crime, Law &amp; Social Change</i> 29(2-3):113-59.</p>
<p><i>The Mismeasure of Man.</i> New York: Norton.</p>
<p><i>European Journal of Political Research</i> 1(1):3-34.</p>
<p><i>Public Po-licy and Administration</i> 19(1):1-14.</p>
<p><i>Nationalism: Five Roads to Modernity.</i> Cambridge, MA: Harvard Uni-versity Press.</p>
<p><i>Governance</i> 17(4):525-48.</p>
<p><i>Jobs for the Boys: Patronage and the State in Comparative Perspective.</i> Cambri-</p>
<p>dge, MA: Harvard University Press.</p>
<p><i>How Latin America Fell Behind: Essays on the Economic Histories of Brazil and Mexico, 1800-1914.</i> Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press.</p>
<p><i>Winner-Take-All Politics: How Washington Made the Rich Richer-and Turned Its Back on the Middle Class.</i> New York: Simon &amp; Schuster.</p>
<p>---. 2010. “Winner-Take-All Politics: Public Policy, Political Organization, and the Pre-</p>
<p><i>Politics and Society</i> 38(2):152-204.</p>
<p><i>Memoir of a Trustbuster: A Lifelong Adventure with Japan.</i> Hono-lulu: University of Hawaii Press.</p>
<p><i>Presidents, Parliaments, and Policy. </i>New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>The Scale oflnterest Organization in Democratic Politics: Data and Research Methods.</i> New York: Palgrave Macmillan.</p>
<p><i>American Political Science Review</i> 106(3):471-94.</p>
<p><i>Underdevelopment Is a State ofMind: The Latin American Case. </i>Lanham, MD: Center for International Affairs.</p>
<p><i>Jews, Confucians, and Protestants: Cultural Capital and the End of Multicultu-</i></p>
<p><i>ralism.</i> Lanham, MD: Rowman and Littlefield.</p>
<p><i>The New Institutional Economics and Third World Development.</i> New York: Routledge.</p>
<p><i>The Kansas City Investigation: Pendergast’s Downfall, 19381939.</i> Columbia: University of Missouri Press.</p>
<p><i>The Liberal Tradition in America.</i> New York: Harcourt.</p>
<p><i>The Founding ofNew Societies.</i> New York: Harcourt.</p>
<p><i>Journal ofEconomic Growth</i> 10(4):303-29.</p>
<p><i>The Road to Serfdom.</i> Chicago: University of Chicago Press.</p>
<p><i>Law, Legislation and Liberty.</i> Chicago: University of Chicago Press.</p>
<p><i>The Constitution of Liberty.</i> Tam baskı. Chicago: University of Chicago Press.</p>
<p><i>Public Administration: A Comparative Perspective.</i> 6. b. New York: Mar-cel Dekker.</p>
<p><i>The Development of the Welfare States in Europe and America.</i> New Brunswick, NJ: Transaction.</p>
<p><i>Political Corruption.</i> 3. b. New Brunswick, NJ: Transaction.</p>
<p><i>States and Power in Africa.</i> Princeton: Princeton University Press.</p>
<p><i>On the Fault Line: Managing Ten-sions and Divisions Within Societies.</i> London: Profile Books.</p>
<p><i>Victorian Minds.</i> New York: Knopf.</p>
<p><i>The Historical Essays ofOtto Hintze.</i> New York: Oxford University Press.</p>
<p><i>The Passions and the Interests: Political Argumentsfor Capitalism Before Its Triumph.</i> Princeton: Princeton University Press.</p>
<p><i>The Rhetoric of Reaction: Perversity, Futility, Jeopardy.</i> Cambridge, MA: Belk-</p>
<p>nap Press.</p>
<p><i>The Age of Capital, 1848-1875.</i> New York: Vintage Books.</p>
<p><i>The Age of Revolution, 1789-1848.</i> New York: Vintage Books.</p>
<p><i>The Invention of Tradition.</i> New York: Camb-ridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>Applied Economics</i> 23(5):861-68.</p>
<p><i>A History of Modern Germany 1648-1840.</i> Princeton: Princeton Uni-versity Press.</p>
<p><i>American Historical Re-view</i> 64(2): 301-18.</p>
<p><i>A History of the ICC: From Panacea to Pal-liative.</i> New York: Norton.</p>
<p><i>The Great Urban Transformation: Politics of Land and Property in China.</i> New York: Oxford University Press.</p>
<p><i>Code, Custom, and Legal Practice in China: The Qing and the Republic Compared.</i> Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press.</p>
<p><i>1587, a Year of No Significance: The Ming Dynasty in Decline.</i> New Haven: Yale University Press.</p>
<p><i>English Historical Review</i> 64(250):53-88.</p>
<p><i>Indonesian Upheaval.</i> New York: David McKay.</p>
<p><i>World Politics</i> 17(3).</p>
<p><i>World Politics</i> 18:378- 414.</p>
<p><i>The Third Wave: Democratization in the Late Twentieth Century.</i> Oklahoma</p>
<p>City: University of Oklahoma Press.</p>
<p><i>Who Are We? The Challenges to Americas National Identity.</i> New York: Si-</p>
<p>mon &amp; Schuster.</p>
<p><i>Political Order in Changing Societies.</i> Francis Fukuyama tarafından yeni bir önsözle. New Haven: Yale University Press.</p>
<p><i>Political Studies</i> 45(3):639-58.</p>
<p>---. 2000. “Colonial Masters, National Politicos, and Provincial Lords: Central Autho-</p>
<p><i>Journal ofAsian Stu-dies</i> 59(2):277-306.</p>
<p><i>Africa and Law: Developing Legal Systems in African Commonwealth Nations.</i> Madison: University of Wisconsin Press.</p>
<p><i>Political Development in Rural Tanzania.</i> Lund: Bokforlaget Universi-tet och Skola.</p>
<p><i>Beyond Ujamaa in Tanzania: Underdevelopment and an Uncaptured Peasantry.</i></p>
<p>Berkeley: University of California Press.</p>
<p><i>British Journal of Political Science</i> 2(4):389-420.</p>
<p><i>American Singularity: The 1787 Northwest Ordinance, the 1862 Ho-mestead and Morrill Acts, and the 1944 G.l. Bili.</i> Athens: University of Georgia Press.</p>
<p><i>American Journal of Political Science </i>46(4):699-716.</p>
<p><i>Modernization and Postmodernization: Cultural, Economic, and Political Change in 43 Societies.</i> Princeton: Princeton University Press.</p>
<p><i>Modernization, Cultural Change, and Democ-racy: The Human Development Sequence.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>The Foundation ofMerit: Public Service in American Democracy. </i>Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press.</p>
<p><i>Public Administration Review</i> 50(2):210-19.</p>
<p><i>Public Religion” and the Pancasila-Based State of Indone-sia.</i> New York: Peter Lang.</p>
<p><i>Review ofEconomics and Statistics</i> 92(4):693-713.</p>
<p><i>The Process of Economic Development in Costa Rica, 1948-1970: Some Political Factors.</i> New York: Garland Publishing.</p>
<p><i>British Journal of Political Science</i> 36(1):39-60.</p>
<p><i>Exuberance: The Passion for Life.</i> New York: Knopf.</p>
<p><i>The Emergence ofMeiji lapan.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>Beyond Common Knowledge: Empirical Approa-ches to the Rule ofLaw.</i> Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press.</p>
<p><i>The Myth of America’s Decline: Politics, Economics, and a Half Century of False Prophecies.</i> New York: Liveright.</p>
<p><i>MITI and the Japanese Miracle.</i> Stanford, CA: Stanford Univer-sity Press.</p>
<p><i>13 Bankers: The Wall Street Takeover and the Next Financial Melt-down.</i> New York: Pantheon.</p>
<p><i><i>Syndromes of Corruption</i>.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>Foreign Affairs</i> 92(1):47-54.</p>
<p><i>Democracy and Prebendal Politics in Nigeria: The Rise and Fail of the Second Republic.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>New Republic</i> (July 7 and 14):27-37.</p>
<p><i>Oxford Journal of Legal Studies</i> 17(2):165-83.</p>
<p><i>Adversarial Legalism: The American Way of Law.</i> Cambridge, MA: Harvard</p>
<p>University Press.</p>
<p><i>Health Care Costs: A Primer. Key Information on Health Care Costs and Their Impact.</i> Menlo Park, CA: Kaiser Family Foundation.</p>
<p><i>Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science</i> 189:142-47.</p>
<p><i>The Coming Anarchy: Shattering the Dreams of the Post Cold War. </i>New York: Random House.</p>
<p><i>Handbook ofParty Politics.</i> Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage.</p>
<p><i>The Forest Ranger: A Study in Administrative Behavior.</i> Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press.</p>
<p><i>Foreign Policy</i> 107:114-31.</p>
<p><i>Comparing Political Corruption and Clientelism.</i> Hampshire, UK: Ashgate.</p>
<p><i>Politics in the Middle East.</i> New York: Oxford University Press.</p>
<p><i>American Journal of Political Science</i> 51(4):804-21.</p>
<p><i>Journal of Law, Economics, and Organization</i> 24(2):371-406.</p>
<p><i>America’s ree Regimes: A New Political History.</i> New York: Oxford Uni-versity Press.</p>
<p><i>Regulating America, Regulating Sweden: A Comparative Study of Oc-cupational Safety and Health Policy.</i> Cambridge, MA: MIT Press.</p>
<p><i>The Rise and Fail of the Great Powers: Economic Change and Military Conflictfrom 1500 to 2000.</i> New York: Random House.</p>
<p><i>Democratization</i> 12(5):704-24.</p>
<p><i>Rents, <i>Rent-Seeking and Economic Development</i>: Theory and Evidence in Asia.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>The Idea oflndia.</i> New York: Farrar, Straus and Giroux.</p>
<p><i>Journal of Democracy</i><i>Democratization in America: A Comparative-Historical Analysis.</i> Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press.</p>
<p><i>Patrons, Clients, and Policies: Patterns of Democratic Accountability and Political Competition.</i> New York: Cambridge Univer-sity Press.</p>
<p><i>Controlling Corruption.</i> Berkeley: University of California Press.</p>
<p><i>Tropical Gangsters: One Man’s Experience with Development and Decadence in</i></p>
<p><i>Deepest Africa.</i> New York: Basic Books.</p>
<p><i>Economics and Politics</i> 7:207-27.</p>
<p><i>Reforming Bureaucracy: The Politics of Institutional Choice.</i> Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Prentice-Hall.</p>
<p><i>Japan’s Administrative Elite.</i><i>State-Directed Development: Political Power and Industrialization in the Global Periphery.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>Railroads and Regulation, 1877-1916.</i> Princeton: Princeton University Press.</p>
<p><i>Introduction a la Lecture de Hegel.</i> Paris: Gallimard.</p>
<p><i>Russia in Global Affa-irs</i> 11(2):8-22.</p>
<p><i>American Eco-nomic Review</i> 64(3):291-303.</p>
<p><i>African Law: Adaptation and Development.</i> Berkeley: University of California Press.</p>
<p><i>Latin American State Building in Comparative Perspective.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>Nations, States, and Violence.</i> New York: Oxford University Press.</p>
<p><i>The Wealth and Poverty of Nations: Why Some Are So Rich and Some So Poor.</i> New York: Norton.</p>
<p><i>Revolution in Time: Clocks and the Making of the Modern World.</i> Rev. ed. Camb-</p>
<p>ridge, MA: Harvard University Press.</p>
<p><i>The Administrative Process.</i> New Haven: Yale University Press.</p>
<p><i>The New Politics of Public Policy.</i> Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press.</p>
<p><i>Lineages ofDespotism and Development: British Colonialism and State Power.</i> Chicago: University of Chicago Press.</p>
<p><i>States and Development: Historical An-tecedents of Stagnation and Advance.</i> New York: Palgrave Macmillan.</p>
<p><i>Interest Groups in Italian Politics.</i> Princeton: Princeton Univer-sity Press.</p>
<p><i>Public Administration Review</i> 55(6):538-46.</p>
<p><i>The Coming of the French Revolution, 1789.</i> Princeton: Princeton University Press.</p>
<p><i>Politics in Modern Greece.</i> Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press.</p>
<p><i>Foreign Policy</i> 105:55-73.</p>
<p><i>Transforming America: Perspectives on U.S. Immigration.</i> Santa Barbara, CA: Praeger.</p>
<p><i>Italian Christian Democracy: The Politics of Dominance.</i> New York: St. Martin’s Press.</p>
<p><i>Republic, Lost: How Money Corrupts Congress-and a Plan to Stop It.</i> New York: Twelve.</p>
<p><i>Our Undemocratic Constitution: Where the Constitution Goes Wrong (And How We the People Can Correct It).</i> New York: Oxford University Press.</p>
<p><i>Framed: America’s 51 Constitutions and the Crisis of Governance.</i> New York:</p>
<p>Oxford University Press.</p>
<p><i>Journal of Democracy</i> 13(2):51-65.</p>
<p><i>Studies in African Native Law.</i> Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press.</p>
<p><i>Growing Apart: Oil, Politics, and Economic Change in Indonesia and Ni-geria.</i> Ann Arbor: University of Michigan Press.</p>
<p><i>Journal ofDemocracy</i> 22(4):59-74.</p>
<p><i>China Journal</i> (64):47-68.</p>
<p><i>Shang Yangs Reforms and State Control in China.</i> White Plains, NY: M. E. Sharpe.</p>
<p><i>Governing China: From Revolution to Reform.</i> 2nd ed. New York: Norton.</p>
<p><i>A Government 111 Executed: The Decline ofthe Federal Service and How to Reverse It.</i> Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.</p>
<p><i>Totalitarian and Authoritarian Regimes.</i> Boulder, CO: Lynne Rienner.</p>
<p><i>The Breakdown ofDemocratic Regimes: Crisis, Bre-akdown, and Reequilibration.</i> Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press.</p>
<p><i>American Political Science Review</i> 53:69-105.</p>
<p><i>The First New Nation.</i> New York: Basic Books.</p>
<p><i>American Exceptionalism: A Double-Edged Sword.</i> New York: Norton.</p>
<p><i>Declining Inequality in Latin America: A De-cade ofProgress?</i> Washington, D.C.: Brookings Institution Press.</p>
<p><i>Is There Such a Thing as Middle-Class Values? Class Diffe-rences, Values, and Political Orientations.</i> Washington, D.C.: Center for Global Develop-ment Working Paper.</p>
<p><i>The End of Liberalism: Ideology, Policy, and the Crisis of Public Aut-hority.</i> New York: Norton.</p>
<p><i>Bird in a Cage: Legal Reform in China after Mao.</i> Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press.</p>
<p><i>The Struggle for Social Security, 1900-1935.</i> 2. b. Pittsburgh, PA: Univer-sity of Pittsburgh Press.</p>
<p><i>Time to Start Thinking: America in the Age of Descent.</i> New York: At-lantic Monthly Press.</p>
<p><i>Journal of Democracy </i>20(3):122-35.</p>
<p><i>Foreign Affairs</i> 78(4):36-44.</p>
<p><i>Napoleon Bonaparte and the Legacy ofthe French Revolution.</i> New York: St. Martin’s Press.</p>
<p><i>West European Politics</i> 7(2):99-118.</p>
<p><i>The Power of Institutions: Political Architecture and Governance. </i>Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press.</p>
<p><i>In Search of a Nation: Histories of Authority and Dissidence in Tanzania.</i> Oxford: James Currey.</p>
<p><i>European Union Politics</i> 5(4):441-66.</p>
<p><i>Brussels versus the Beltway: Advocacy in the United States and the European</i></p>
<p><i>Union.</i> Washington, D.C.: Georgetown University Press.</p>
<p><i>West European Politics</i> 31(6):1251-71.</p>
<p><i>Colonialism and Postcolonial Development: Spanish America in Com-parative Perspective.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>Comparative Historical Analysis in the Social Sciences.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>Ancient Law: Its Connection with the Early History ofSociety and Its Re-lation to Modern Ideas.</i> Boston: Beacon Press.</p>
<p><i>The World’s Banker: A Story ofFailed States, Financial Crises, and the Wealth and Poverty ofNations.</i> New York: Penguin Press.</p>
<p><i>Islamic Family Law.</i> Boston: Graham and Trotman.</p>
<p><i>Citizen and Subject: Contemporary Africa and the Legacy ofLate Colonialism.</i> Princeton: Princeton University Press.</p>
<p><i>Journal ofDemocracy</i> 8:92-102.</p>
<p><i>A World Beyond Politics? A Defense of the Nation-State.</i> Princeton: Princeton</p>
<p>University Press.</p>
<p><i>Retirement of Revolutionaries in China: Public Policies, Social Norms, Private Interests.</i> Princeton: Princeton University Press.</p>
<p><i>Law in Colonial Africa.</i> Portsmouth, NH: He-inemann.</p>
<p><i>European Journal ofSociology</i> 25(2):185-213.</p>
<p><i>The Sources of Social Power.</i><i>A History ofPowerfrom the Beginning to AD</i></p>
<p><i>1760.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>ItsEven Worse an It Looks: How theAmerican Constitutional System Collided with the New Politics ofExtremism.</i> New York: Basic Books.</p>
<p><i>Electing to Fight: Why Emerging Democracies Go to War.</i> Cambridge, MA: MIT Press.</p>
<p><i>MachiavelliS Virtue.</i> Chicago: University of Chicago Press.</p>
<p><i>Comparative Political Studies</i> 40(8):949-70.</p>
<p><i>The Road to Hell: The Ravaging Effects ofForeign Aid and International Charity.</i> New York: Free Press.</p>
<p><i>The Constitution of lapan: A Contextual Analysis.</i> Portland, OR: Hart Publishing.</p>
<p><i>Stillborn Republic: Social Coalitions and Party Strategies in Greece, 1922-1936.</i> Berkeley: University of California Press.</p>
<p>---. 1997. “From Traditional Clientelism to Machine Politics: The Impact of PASOK Po-</p>
<p><i>South European Society and Politics</i> 2(3):1-26.</p>


<p><i>Partisan Balance: Why Political Parties Dont Kili the U.S. Constitu-tional System.</i> Princeton: Princeton University Press.</p>
<p><i>Lobbying in the European Community.</i><i>lapan: A Modern History.</i> New York: Norton.</p>
<p><i>A Fierce Discontent: The Rise and Fail of the Progressive Movement in America, 1870-1920.</i> New York: Free Press.</p>
<p><i>The Origins ofJapans Democratic Constitution.</i> Lanham, MD: University Press of America.</p>
<p><i>National Interest</i> 58:5-29.</p>
<p><i>Special Providence: American Foreign Policy and How It Changed the World.</i></p>
<p>New York: Knopf.</p>
<p><i>Foreign Affairs</i> 90(2).</p>
<p><i>Land Law and Custom in the Colonies.</i> 2. b. London: Frank Cass.</p>
<p><i>Public Administration Review</i> 41(5):558-63.</p>
<p>Melnick, R. Shep. 2012. “Adversarial Legalism, Civil Rights, and the Exceptional American State.” Yayınlanmamış makale.</p>
<p><i>Strong Societies and Weak States: State-Society Relations and State Capa-bilities in the Third World.</i> Princeton: Princeton University Press.</p>
<p><i>World Politics</i> 56(3):327-62.</p>
<p><i>Essays on Politics and Society.</i> Buffalo, NY: University ofToronto Press.</p>
<p><i>Destiny of the Republic: A Tale ofMadness, Medicine and the Murder of a President.</i> New York: Doubleday.</p>
<p><i>Gifford Pinchot and the Making of Modern Environmentalism.</i> Washing-ton, D.C.: Island Press/Shearwater Books.</p>
<p><i>Planningfor Empire: Reform Bureaucrats and the /apanese Wartime State. </i>Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press.</p>
<p>Mirkin, Barry. 2010. “Population Levels, Trends and Policies in the Arab Region: Challenges and Opportunities.” Araştırma makalesi. New York: UNDP.</p>
<p><i>The British Industrial Revolution: An Economic Perspective.</i> 2. b. Boulder, CO: Westview Press.</p>
<p><i>The Economics of the Industrial Revolution.</i> Totowa, NJ: Roman and Allanheld.</p>
<p><i>Social Origins of Dictatorship and Democracy.</i> Boston: Beacon Press.</p>
<p><i>The Rise of Theodore Roosevelt.</i> New York: Modern Library.</p>
<p><i>Why the West Rules-For Now: The Patterns of History, and What They Reveal About the Future.</i> New York: Farrar, Straus and Giroux.</p>
<p><i>The Ruling Class.</i> New York: McGraw-Hill.</p>
<p><i>Democracy and the Public Service. 2.</i> b. New York: Oxford Uni-versity Press.</p>
<p><i>Politics in the Semi-Periphery: Early Parliamentarism and Late In-dustrialization in the Balkans and Latin America.</i> New York: St. Martin’s Press.</p>
<p><i>Bureaucracy, Education, and Monopoly: Civil Service Reforms in Prussia and England.</i> Berkeley: University of California Press.</p>
<p><i>Towards Socialism in Tanzania.</i> Buffalo, NY: University of Toronto Press.</p>
<p><i>The Japanese Colonial Empire, 1895-1945. </i>Princeton: Princeton University Press.</p>
<p><i>The Return ofEva Perón, with the Killings in Trinidad.</i> New York: A. Knopf.</p>
<p><i>Hara Kei in the Politics of Compromise, 1905-1915.</i> Cambridge, MA: Har-vard University Press.</p>
<p><i>Journal of Democracy</i> 7(4):43-57.</p>
<p><i>Peking Politics, 1918-1923: Factionalism and the Failure of Constitutionalism.</i></p>
<p>Ann Arbor, MI: Center for Chinese Studies.</p>
<p><i>Rebuilding the Public Service.</i> Washing-ton, D.C.</p>
<p><i>Revitalizing the Federal Governmentfor the 21st Century.</i> Washington, D.C.</p>
<p><i>Science and Civilization in China.</i><i>Introductory Orientations. </i>New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>A Burning Issue: A Casefor Abolishing the U.S. Forest Service.</i> Lan-ham, MD: Rowman and Littlefield.</p>
<p><i>OfDuty Well and Faithfully Done: A History of the Regular Army in the Civil War.</i> Lincoln: University of Nebraska Press.</p>
<p><i>American Political Science Review</i> 102(1):19-31.</p>
<p><i>Bureaucracy-Servant or Master? Lessons from America.</i> Lon-don: Institute of Economic Affairs.</p>
<p><i>The Rise of the Western World: A New Economic History.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i><i>Violence and Social Orders</i>: A Conceptual Frameworkfor Interpreting Recorded Human History.</i> New York: Cambri-dge University Press.</p>
<p><i>Journal of Development Economics</i> 83(1): 157-75.</p>
<p><i>Quarterly Journal of Economics</i> 123(1):139-76.</p>
<p><i>American Political Science Review</i> 61(2):417-27.</p>
<p><i>Modern China</i> 27(4):407-35.</p>
<p><i>China Journal</i> (51):75-96.</p>
<p><i>Modernization and Bureaucratic-Authoritarianism: Studies in South American Politics.</i> Berkeley: University of California Press.</p>
<p><i>Transitionsfrom Authoritarian Rule: Comparative Perspectives.</i> Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press.</p>
<p><i>Runaway State-Building: Patronage Politics and Democratic Develop-</i></p>
<p><i>ment.</i> Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press.</p>
<p><i>Journal of American History</i> 74(4):1257-86.</p>
<p><i>Constellations</i> 16(4):550-62.</p>
<p><i>Rural China Takes Off: lnstitutional Foundations ofEconomic Reform.</i> Ber-keley: University of California Press.</p>
<p><i>Property Rights and Economic Reform in China. </i>Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press.</p>
<p><i>The Logic ofCollective Action. Public Goods and the Theory ofGroups. </i>Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.</p>
<p><i>The Rise and Decline ofNations.</i> New Haven: Yale University Press.</p>
<p><i>American Political Science Re-</i></p>
<p><i>view</i> 87(9):567-76.</p>
<p><i>Greece: Review of the Central Administration.</i> Public Governance Reviews. Paris: OECD.</p>
<p><i>OECD Integrity Review of Brazil: Managing Risks for a Cleaner Public Sector.</i></p>
<p>Paris: OECD.</p>
<p><i>Revenue Statistics.</i><i>Crippled Giant: Ni-</i></p>
<p><i>geria Since Independence.</i> Bloomington: Indiana University Press.</p>
<p><i>Journal of African History</i> 44:29-50.</p>
<p><i>Reforming the Forest Service.</i> Washington, D.C.: Island Press.</p>
<p><i>Coffee and Power: Revolution and the Rise of Democracy in Central America.</i> Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.</p>
<p><i>MakingParty Democracy in Greece.</i> New York: St. Martins Press.</p>
<p><i>Sociological Writings.</i> New York: Praeger.</p>
<p><i>Constitutional Bureaucracy: The Development of British Central Administration Since the Eighteenth Century.</i> New York: Augustus M. Kelley.</p>
<p><i>The Future of the Liberal Western Order: The Case of Italy.</i> Washington, D.C.: Transatlantic Academy.</p>
<p><i>European Union Lobbying: Changes in the Arena.</i> New York: Palgrave.</p>
<p><i>Asian Discourses of Rule of Law: Theories and Implementa-tion of Rule ofLaw in Twelve Asian Countries, France, and the U.S.</i> New York: Routledge.</p>
<p><i>China Qu-arterly</i> (152):832-62.</p>
<p><i>Chinas Trapped Transition: The Limits of Developmental Autocracy.</i> Cambri-</p>
<p>dge, MA: Harvard University Press.</p>
<p><i>The Origins ofthe Labour Party, 1880-1900.</i> Oxford: Clarendon Press.</p>
<p>Pew Research Center. 2013. “Trust in Government Nears Record Low, But Most Federal Agen-cies Are Viewed Favorably.” Washington, D.C.: Pew Research Center.</p>
<p><i>The Managerial Presidency.</i> 2. b. College Station: Texas A&amp;M University Press.</p>
<p><i>American Negro Slavery.</i> Baton Rouge: Louisiana State University Press.</p>
<p><i>Clientelism, Interests, and Democratic Representation: The Euro-pean Experience in Historical and Comparative Perspective.</i> New York: Cambridge Uni-versity Press.</p>
<p><i>Quarterly Journal ofEconomics</i> 118(1):1-39.</p>
<p><i>Breaking New Ground.</i><i>Journal of Democracy</i> 24(4):17-28.</p>
<p><i>The Great Transformation.</i> New York: Rinehart.</p>
<p><i>Trade and Market in the Early Empires.</i> New York: Free Press.</p>
<p><i>The Great Divergence: Europe, China, and the Making ofthe Modern World Economy.</i> Princeton: Princeton University Press.</p>
<p><i>Journal of Democracy</i> 23(2):47-61.</p>
<p><i>Institutions and Ethnic Politics in Africa.</i> New York: Cambridge Uni-versity Press.</p>
<p><i>The Executive Unbound: After the Madisonian Re-public.</i> New York: Oxford University Press.</p>
<p><i>RAND Journal ofEconomics</i> 20(2):280-90.</p>
<p><i>The Critical Phase in Tanzania 1945-1968: Nyerere and the Emergence of a Socialist Strategy.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>History ofthe Conquest of Peru.</i> Philadelphia: J. B. Lippincott.</p>
<p><i>History ofthe Conquest ofMexico.</i> Philadelphia: J. B. Lippincott.</p>
<p><i>Capability Traps? The Mechanisms ofPersistent Implementation Failure.</i> Washington, D.C.: Center for Global Development.</p>
<p><i>France and Britain in Africa: Imperial Rivalry and Colonial Rule.</i> New Haven: Yale University Press.</p>
<p><i>British Journal ofPolitical Science</i> 39(2):291-321.</p>
<p><i>Democracy and Development: Political Institutions and Material Well-Being in the World, 1950-1990.</i> Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>Democracy, Accountabi-lity, and Representation.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>Making Democracy Work: Civic Traditions in Modern Italy.</i> Prince-ton: Princeton University Press.</p>
<p><i>Journal of Democracy</i></p>
<p>6(1):65-78.</p>
<p><i>Bowling Alone: The Collapse and Revival of American Community.</i> New York:</p>
<p>Simon &amp; Schuster.</p>
<p><i>Journal of Forest History</i> 25(2):64-77.</p>
<p><i>Emerging Africa: How 17 Countries Are Leading the Way.</i> Baltimore: Center for Global Development.</p>
<p><i>The Rise of the Public Authority: Statebuilding and Economic Development in Twentieth-Century America.</i> Chicago: University of Chicago Press.</p>
<p><i>Fault Lines: How Hidden Fractures Stili Threaten the World Eco-nomy.</i> Princeton: Princeton University Press.</p>
<p><i>Journal of Public Economics</i> 75:49-71.</p>
<p><i>The Last Emperors: A Social History of Qing Imperial Institutions.</i> Ber-keley: University of California Press.</p>
<p><i>Quest-ce quune nation? (What Is a Nation?)</i> Toronto: Tapir Press.</p>
<p><i>Warlord Politics and African States.</i> Boulder, CO: Lynne Rienner.</p>
<p><i>History of Suffrage, 1760-1867.</i> Brookfield, VT: Pickering and Chatto.</p>
<p><i>Nation ofDevils: Democratic Leadership and the Problem of Obedience. </i>New Haven: Yale University Press.</p>
<p><i>Due Diligence: An Impertinent Inquiry into Microfinance.</i> Washing-ton, D.C.: Center for Global Development.</p>
<p><i>Corruption: A Study in Political Economy.</i> New York: Acade-mic Press.</p>
<p><i>Corruption and Government: Causes, Consequences, and Reform.</i> New York:</p>
<p>Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i><i>Bureaucracy, Aristocracy, and Autocracy</i>: The Prussian Experience, 1660-1815.</i> Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.</p>
<p><i>How the West Grew Rich.</i> New York: Basic Books.</p>
<p><i>Before and Beyond Divergence: The Politics of Economic Change in China and Europe.</i> Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.</p>
<p><i>Journal of Forest History</i> 28(3):112-25.</p>
<p><i>The Quality of Government: Corruption, Social Trust, and Inequality in International Perspective.</i> Chicago: University of Chicago Press.</p>
<p><i>Globalized İslam: The Search for a New Ummah.</i> New York: Columbia University Press.</p>
<p><i>Capitalist Deve-lopment and Democracy.</i> Chicago: University of Chicago Press.</p>
<p><i>American Journal ofPolitical Science</i> 47(1):159-70.</p>
<p><i>How Communist States Change Their Rulers.</i> Ithaca, NY: Cornell Uni-versity Press.</p>
<p><i>Nation-Building in Tanzania: Problems and Issues.</i> Nairobi: East African Publishing House.</p>
<p><i>European Law Journal </i>14(3):271-327.</p>
<p>Sachs, Jeffrey D. 2001. “Tropical Underdevelopment.” Cambridge, MA: National Bureau of Economic Research Working Paper No. 8119.</p>
<p><i>Personal Patronage Under the Early Empire.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>“Rich Nation, Strong Army”: National Security and the Technologi-cal Transformation of lapan.</i> Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press.</p>
<p><i>The State in Western Europe.</i> New York: St. Martin’s Press.</p>
<p><i>Electionsfor Sale: The Causes and Consequences of Vote Buying</i> Boulder, CO: Lynne Rienner.</p>
<p><i>The Semisovereign People: A Realist’s View of Democracy in America.</i> New York: Holt.</p>
<p><i>Journal of Democracy</i> 13(2):36-50.</p>
<p><i>Organized Interests and American Democracy.</i> New York: Harper.</p>
<p><i>The New Digital Age: Reshaping the Future of People, Nations and Business.</i> New York: Knopf.</p>
<p><i>“The Mayor Who Cleaned Up Chicago</i><i>A Political Biography ofWil-liam E. Dever.</i> DeKalb: Northern Illinois University Press.</p>
<p><i>The Shadow Economy: An International Survey.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>European Journal ofPolitical Economy</i> 21:598-642.</p>
<p><i>Italy’s “Southern Question”: Orientalism in One Country.</i> New York: Berg.</p>
<p><i>Hitlers Social Revolution.</i> Garden City, NY: Doubleday.</p>
<p><i>The Politics of Civil Service Reform.</i> New York: Peter Lang.</p>
<p><i>Far Eastern Quarterly </i>15(4):507-16.</p>
<p><i>The Code Napoleon and the Common-Law World.</i> New York: New York University Press.</p>
<p><i>Comparative Political Corruption.</i> Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Prentice-Hall.</p>
<p>---. 1998. <i>Seeing Like a State: How Certain Schemes to Improve the Human Condition Have</i></p>
<p><i>Failed.</i> New Haven: Yale University Press.</p>
<p>---. 2009. <i>The Art of Not Being Governed: An Anarchist History ofUpland Southeast Asia.</i></p>
<p>New Haven: Yale University Press.</p>
<p>Sen, Amartya. 1999. <i>Development as Freedom.</i> New York: Knopf.</p>
<p>Shambaugh, David L., ed. 2000. <i>The Modern Chinese State.</i> New York: Cambridge</p>
<p>University Press. Shaw, Frederick. 1954. <i>The History of the New York State Legislature.</i> New York: Columbia University Press.</p>
<p>Sheehan, James J. 1989. <i>German History, 1770-1866</i><i>.</i> New York: Oxford University Press.</p>
<p>Shefter, Martin. 1983. “Regional Receptivity to Reform: The Legacy of the Progressive Era.” <i>Political Science Quarterly</i> 98(3):459-83.</p>
<p>---. 1994. <i><i>Political Parties and the State</i>: The American Historical Experience.</i> Princeton:</p>
<p>Princeton University Press.</p>
<p>Shih, Victor, Christopher Adolph, ve Mingxing Liu. 2012. “Getting Ahead in the Communist Party: Explaining the Advancement of Central Committee Members in China.” <i>American Political Science Review</i> 106(1):166-87.</p>
<p>Shleifer, Andrei, ve Robert W. Vishny. 1993. “Corruption.” <i>Quarterly Journal of Economics </i>108(3):599-617.</p>
<p>Silberman, Bernard S. 1970. “Bureaucratic Development and the Structure of Decision-ma-king in Japan: 1868-1925.” <i>Journal ofAsian Studies</i> 29(2):347-62.</p>
<p>Silberman, Bernard S., ve H. D. Harootunian. 1974. <i>Japan in Crisis: Essays on Taisho Democ-racy</i><i>.</i> Princeton: Princeton University Press.</p>
<p>Skidmore, Thomas E., ve Peter H. Smith. 2004. <i>Modern Latin America.</i> 6. b. New York: Ox-ford University Press.</p>
<p>Skocpol, Theda. 1973. “A Critical Review of Barrington Moore’s <i>Social Origins of Dictators-hip and Democracy.” Politics &amp; Society</i> 4:1-34.</p>
<p>---. 1992. <i>Protecting Soldiers and Mothers: The Political Origins of Social Policy in the United States.</i> Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.</p>
<p>Skowronek, Stephen. 1982. <i>Building a New American State: The Expansion of National Admi-nistrative Capacities, 1877-1920.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p>Slater, Dan. 2010. <i>Ordering Power: Contentious Politics and Authoritarian Leviathans in Sout-heast Asia.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p>Small, Melvin, ve J. David Singer. 1982. <i>Resort to Arms: International and Civil Wars, 18161980.</i> Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage.</p>
<p>Smith, Daniel Jordan. 2007. <i>A Culture of Corruption: Everyday Deception and Popular Dis-content in Nigeria.</i> Princeton: Princeton University Press.</p>
<p>Soekarno. 1969. <i>Nationalism, İslam, and Marxism.</i> Ithaca, NY: Cornell University, Southe-ast Asia Program.</p>
<p>Soifer, Hillel. 2008. “State Infrastructural Power: Approaches to Conceptualization and Me-asurement.” <i>Studies in Comparative International Development</i> 43:231-51.</p>
<p>Soifer, Hillel, ve Matthias vom Hau. 2008. “Unpacking the Strength of the State: The Utility of State Infrastructural Power.” <i>Studies in Comparative International Development</i> 43:219-30.</p>
<p><i>The Mystery of Capital: Why Capitalism Triumphs in the West and Fails Everywhere Else.</i> New York: Basic Books.</p>
<p><i>Security Dialogue</i> 32(3): 341-54.</p>
<p><i>Journal ofAfrican History</i> 44(1):3-27.</p>
<p><i>The Decline of the West.</i> New York: Knopf.</p>
<p><i>The European Revolutions, 1848-1851.</i> 2. b. New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>The U.S. Forest Service: A History.</i> Seattle: University ofWashington Press.</p>
<p><i>Perspectives on Politics</i> 9(4):841-56.</p>
<p><i>Journal of Democracy</i> 14(3):30-44.</p>
<p><i>”Jour-nal of Democracy</i> 21(3):50-68.</p>
<p><i>Excellent Cadavers: The Mafia and the Death of the First Italian Re-public.</i> New York: Pantheon.</p>
<p><i>The Sack of Rome: How a Beautiful European Country with a Fabled History</i></p>
<p><i>and a Storied Culture Was Taken Over by a Man Named Silvio Berlusconi.</i> New York: Penguin Press.</p>
<p><i>American Political Science Review</i> 99(3): 315-25.</p>
<p><i>Brokers, Voters, and Clientelism: e Puzzle of Distributive Politics.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>The Interstate Commerce Commission and the Railroad Industry: A History of Regulatory Policy.</i> New York: Praeger.</p>
<p><i>French Colonialism in Tropical Africa, 1900-1945.</i> New York: Pica Press.</p>
<p><i>Studies in the Growth of Nineteenth-Century Government.</i> To-towa, NJ: Rowman and Littlefield.</p>
<p><i>Government versus Markets: The Changing Economic Role of the State.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>A Study in Boss Politics: William Lorimer of Chicago.</i> Urbana: University of Illinois Press.</p>
<p><i>Peasant Communism in Southern Italy.</i> New Haven: Yale Univer-sity Press.</p>
<p><i>Sources of the Self: The Making of the Modern Identity.</i> Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.</p>
<p><i>Multiculturalism: Examining the Politics of Recognition.</i> Princeton: Prince-</p>
<p>ton University Press.</p>
<p><i>The Principles ofScientific Management.</i> New York: Harper.</p>
<p><i>Indonesia: Peoples and Histories.</i> New Haven: Yale University Press.</p>
<p><i>Journal of Politics</i> 65(1):50-68.</p>
<p><i>American Journal ofPolitical Science</i> 49(3):451-65.</p>
<p><i>The Conquest of Mexico.</i> London: Hutchinson.</p>
<p>Thomas, Melissa. 2009. “Great Expectations: Rich Donors and Poor Country Governments.” Paper. Washington, D.C.: Johns Hopkins University, School of Advanced International Studies. http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm? abstract-id=1333618.</p>
<p><i>The “Spider Web”: Congress and Lobbying in the Age of Grant.</i> Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press.</p>
<p><i>Coercion, Capital, and European States ad 990-1990.</i> Cambridge, MA: Blackwell.</p>
<p><i>Democracy.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press. Titmuss, Richard M. 1971.</p>
<p><i>e Gi Relationship: From Human Blood to Social Policy.</i> New York: Vintage Books.</p>
<p><i>The Old Regime and the Revolution.</i> c. 1. Chicago: University of Chicago Press.</p>
<p><i>Democracy in America.</i> Chicago: University of Chicago Press.</p>
<p><i>Community and Association (Gemeinscha und Gesell- scha).</i> Lon-don: Routledge.</p>
<p><i>Mobilization, Center-Periphery Structures and Nation-Building</i> Bergen: Universitetsforlaget.</p>
<p><i>A Study ofHistory.</i> London: Oxford University Press.</p>
<p><i>Rule ofLaw Reform and Development: Char-ting the Fragile Path ofProgress.</i> Northampton, MA: Edward Elgar.</p>
<p><i>Accountability Without Democracy: Solidary Groups and Public Goods Pro-vision in Rural China.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p>---. 2012. “The Political Payoffs of Governance Reforms: How Citizens See and Judge the</p>
<p>State in Authoritarian China.” Yayınlanmamış makale.</p>
<p><i>Veto Players: How Political Institutions Work.</i> Princeton: Princeton University Press.</p>
<p><i>Journal of the Hellenic Diaspora</i> 5(2):5-17.</p>
<p><i>Law and Social Change in Postwar lapan.</i> Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.</p>
<p><i>FightingPower: German and U.S. Army Performance, 1939-1945. </i>Westport, CT: Greenwood Press.</p>
<p><i>African Economies and the Politics of Permanent Crisis, 19791999.</i> New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>Overcoming Stagnation in Aid-Dependent Countries.</i> Washington, D.C.: Cen-</p>
<p>ter for Global Development.</p>
<p><i>History of the United States Civil Service.</i> Evanston, İL: Row, Peterson.</p>
<p>---. 1983. “The American Administrative State: Wilson and the Founders—An Unortho-</p>
<p><i>Public Administration Review</i> 43(6):477-90.</p>
<p><i>Governing the Market: Economic Theory and the Role of Government in East Asian Industrialization.</i> Princeton: Princeton University Press.</p>
<p><i>Reversal of Development in Argentina: Postwar Counterrevolutio-nary Policies and Their Structural Consequences.</i> Princeton: Princeton University Press.</p>
<p><i>The Great Enterprise: e Manchu Reconstruction ofImperial Or-der in Seventeenth-Century China.</i> 2 c. Berkeley: University of California Press.</p>
<p><i>The British Caribbeanfrom the Decline of Colonialism to the End of Federation.</i> Buffalo, NY: University of Toronto Press.</p>
<p><i>Bad History, Worse Policy: How a False Narrative About the Financial Crisis Led to the Dodd-Frank Act.</i> Washington, D.C.: American Enterprise Institute.</p>
<p><i>The Mafia and Clientelism: Roads to Rome in Post-War Calabria.</i> New York: Routledge.</p>
<p><i>Wilson Quarterly</i> 9(4):100-33.</p>
<p><i>Peasants into Frenchmen: The Modernization ofRural France, 1870-1914. </i>Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press.</p>
<p><i>The Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of Capitalism.</i> New York: Scribner.</p>
<p><i>From Max Weber: Essays in Sociology</i> New York: Oxford University Press.</p>
<p><i>Economy and Society.</i> 2 c. Berkeley: University of California Press.</p>
<p><i>International Organization</i> 63(3):391-423.</p>
<p><i>The Searchfor Order: 1877-1920.</i> New York: Hill and Wang.</p>
<p><i>English Culture and the Decline of the Industrial Spirit, 1850-1980.</i> 2. b. New York: Cambridge University Press.</p>
<p><i>The Welfare State and Equality.</i> Berkeley: University of Califor-nia Press.</p>
<p><i>Capitalism and Slavery.</i> Chapel Hill: University ofNorth Carolina Press.</p>
<p><i>Lincoln and His Generals.</i> New York: Vintage Books.</p>
<p><i>The Expanding Middle: The Exploding World Middle Class and Falling Global Inequality.</i> New York: Goldman Sachs Global Econo-mics Paper No. 170.</p>
<p><i>Bureaucracy: What Government Agencies Do and Why They Do It. </i>New York: Basic Books.</p>
<p><i>Political Science Quarterly</i> 2(2):197-222.</p>
<p><i>Race to the Swi: State and Finance in Korean Industrialization.</i> New York: Columbia University Press.</p>
<p><i>World Development Report 1993: The East Asian Miracle: Economic Growth and Public Policy.</i> New York: Oxford University Press.</p>
<p><i>World Development Report 1997: The State in a Changing World.</i> Oxford: Ox-</p>
<p>ford University Press.</p>
<p><i>World Development Report 2004: Making Services Work for Poor People.</i> Was-</p>
<p>hington, D.C.: World Bank.</p>
<p><i>World Development Report 2009: Reshaping Economic Geography.</i> Washing-</p>
<p>ton, D.C.: World Bank.</p>
<p><i>World Development Report 2011: Conflict, Security, and Development.</i> Washin-</p>
<p>gton, D.C.: World Bank.</p>
<p><i>China 2030: Building a Modern, Harmonious, and Creative Society.</i> Washing-</p>
<p>ton, D.C.: World Bank.</p>
<p><i>Slavery and American Economic Development.</i> Baton Rouge: Louisiana State University Press.</p>
<p><i>In the Footsteps ofMr. Kurtz: Living on the Brink ofDisaster in Mobu-tu’s Congo.</i> New York: Harper.</p>
<p><i>Our Turn to Bat: The Story of a Kenyan Whistle-Blower.</i> New York: Har-</p>
<p>per Perennial.</p>
<p><i>Tombstone: The Great Chinese Famine, 1958-1962.</i> New York: Farrar, Straus and Giroux.</p>
<p><i>Remaking the Chinese Leviathan: Market Transition and the Politics of Governance in China.</i> Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press.</p>
<p><i>The African Colonial State in Comparative Perspective.</i> New Haven: Yale University Press.</p>
<p><i>The Future ofFreedom: Illiberal Democracy at Home and Abroad.</i> New York: Norton.</p>
<p><i>The Post-American World.</i> New York: Norton.</p>
<p><i>Sociology</i> 28(1):211-30.</p>
<p><i>World Politics</i> 58:311-38.</p>
<p>---. 2008. “Does Landholding Inequality Block Democratization? A Test of the ‘Bread and</p>
<p><i>World Politics</i> 60:610-41.</p>
</body>
</html>