<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head><meta name="charset" content="UTF-8"/>
<title></title>


<link href="../Styles/main.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="../Styles/sgc-toc.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
<body>
<h3 class=" sigil_not_in_toc">KAYNAKÇA</h3>
<p>Barbosa, Pillar ve diğerleri (1998): <i>Is the Best Good Enough: Optimality and Computation in Syntax,</i> MIT Press, Cambridge.</p>
<p>Barsky, Robert (1997): <i>A Life of Dissent,</i> MIT Press, Cambridge.</p>
<p>Bernstein, Leonard ( 1976): <i>The Unanswered Question,</i> Harvard University Press, Cambridge.</p>
<p>Boolos, G. ve R. Jeffrey (1974): <i>Computability and Logic,</i> Cambridge University Press, Londra.</p>
<p>Bresnan, Joan ed. (1982): <i>The Mental Representation of Gram-matical Relations,</i> MIT Press, Cambridge.</p>
<p>Brody, Michael ( 1995): <i>LeJdco-Logical Form: A Radically Minimal-ist Theory,</i> MIT Press, Cambridge.</p>
<p>Chomsky, Carol (1986): “Analytic Study of the Tadoma Method: Language Abilities of Three Deaf-Blind Children”, <i>Joumal of Speech and Hearing Research,</i> Eylül, s. 332-47.</p>
<p>Chomsky, Noam (1951): <i>Morphophonemics of Modem Hebrew, </i>master tezi. University of Pennsylvania; 1979’da aynı isimle yayımlandı, Garland Press, New York.</p>
<p>-( 1955): <i>The Logical Structure ofLinguistic Theory,</i> University</p>
<p>of Pennsylvania. 1956’daki gözden geçirilmiş baskısının önemli bir bölümü aynı isimle 1975’te yayımlandı, Plenum Press, New York.</p>
<p>-(1957): <i>Syntactic Structures,</i> Mouton, Lahey.</p>
<p>-(1965): <i>Aspects of the Theory of Syntax,</i> MIT Press, <i>Cambridge.</i></p>
<p>-(1966): <i>Cartesian Linguistics,</i> Harper &amp; Row, New York.</p>
<p>-( l 972a): <i>Language and Mind,</i> genişletilmiş baskı, Har-</p>
<p>court Brace Jovanovich, New York. Birinci baskısı 1968’de basıldı.</p>
<p>-( l 972b): “Remarks on Nominalization”, <i>Studies in Semantics</i></p>
<p><i>and Generative Grammar</i> içinde, Mouton, Lahey.</p>
<p>-( 1975): <i>Rejlections on Language,</i> Pantheon Press, New York.</p>
<p>-( 1980): <i>Rules and Representations,</i> Basil Blackwell, Londra.</p>
<p>-(1981): <i>Lectures on Govemment and Binding,</i> Foris, Dordrecht.</p>
<p>-( 1982): <i>Some Concepts and Consequences of the Theory of</i></p>
<p><i>Govemment and Binding,</i> MIT Press, Cambridge.</p>
<p>-(1986a): <i>Knowledge of Language,</i> Praeger, New York.</p>
<p>—    (1986b): <i>Barriers,</i> MIT Press, Cambridge, Mass.</p>
<p>— (1987a): <i>Generative Grammar: Its Basis, Development and Prospects,</i> Kyoto University of Foreign Studies, Kyoto.</p>
<p>-(1987b): <i>Language in a Psychological Setting,</i> Sophia University, Tokyo.</p>
<p>—    ( 1988): <i>Language and Problems of Knowledge, The Managua Lectures,</i> MIT Press, Cambridge. [Türkçesi: <i>Bilgi Somnlan ve Dil. Managua Dersleri,</i> çev. Veysel Kılıç, bgst Yayınları, 2009.1</p>
<p>-(1991): “Linguistics and Adjacent Fields”, Asa Kasher, ed.,</p>
<p><i>The Chomskyan Tum</i> içinde, Basil Blackwell, Oxford.</p>
<p>-( l 993a): <i>Language and Thought, Anshen Transdisciplinary</i></p>
<p><i>Lecture,</i> Moyer Beli, Londra.</p>
<p>—    ( l 993b): “Mental Construction and Social Reality”, E. Reuland ve W. Abraham, ed., <i>Knowledge and Language </i>içinde, Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht.</p>
<p>—    (1994): “Naturalism and Dualism in the Study of Language and Mind”, Agnes Cuming Lecture ( 1993), <i>International Journal of Philosophical Studies,</i> c. 1.</p>
<p>-(1995a): “Bare Phrase Structures”, H. Campos ve P.</p>
<p>Kempchinsky, ed, <i>Evolution and Revolution in Linguistic Theory</i> içinde, Georgetown University Press, Washington.</p>
<p>-(1995b): <i>The Minimalist Program,</i> MIT Press, Cambridge.</p>
<p>-(1995c): “Language and Nature”, <i>Mind,</i> Ocak, s. 1-61.</p>
<p>Chomsky, Noam (1996): <i>Powers and Prospects: Refl.ections on Human Nature and Social Order,</i> Madhyam Books, Delhi.</p>
<p>—    (1997): “Language and Mind: Current Thoughts on Ancient Problems”, Bölüm 1 ve 2 (Teksir).</p>
<p>Chomsky, N., R. Huybregts ve H. Reimsdijk (1982): <i>The Generative Enterprise,</i> Foris Publications, Dordrecht.</p>
<p>Chomsky, N. ve H. Lasnik ( 1977): “Filters and Control”, <i>Linguistic Inquiry,</i> 8, s. 425-504.</p>
<p>Curtiss, Susan ( 1977): <i>Genie: A Psycholinguistic Study of a Modem-Day Wild-child,</i> Academic Press, New York.</p>
<p>Fodor, Jerry (1975): <i>The Language of Thought,</i> Crowell, New York.</p>
<p>-(1987): <i>Psychosemantics,</i> MIT Press, Cambridge.</p>
<p>Gardner, Howard (1975): <i>The Shattered Mind,</i> Alfred Knopf, New York.</p>
<p>Gazdar, Gerald, E. Klein, G. Pullum ve I. Sag (1985): <i>Generalised Phrase Structure Grammar,</i> Basil Blackwell, Oxford.</p>
<p>George, Alexander (1987): “Review of Knowledge of Language” <i>Mind and Language</i>, c. 2, No. 2, s. 155-64.</p>
<p>Gleitman, L. ve E. Newport ( 1995): “The lnvention of Language by Children: Environmental and Biological Influences on the Acquisition of Language”, Daniel Osherson, ed., <i>An Invitation to Cognitive Science</i> içinde, cilt 1 (editörler: Lila Gleitman ve Mark Liberman), MIT Press, Cambridge.</p>
<p>Holmberg, Anders (1986): <i>Word Order and Syntactic Features in the Scandinavian Languages and English,</i> doktora tezi, University of Stockholm.</p>
<p>Hurford, James R. (1987): <i>Language and Numbers: The Emergence of a Cognitive System,</i> Basil Blackwell, Oxford.</p>
<p>Hubei, D. ve T. Weisel ( 1962): “Receptive Fields, Binocular Vision and Functional Architecture in the Cat’s Visual Cortex”, <i>Joumal of Physiology,</i> 160, s. 106-54.</p>
<p>Jackendoff, Ray (1990): <i>Semantic Structures,</i> MIT Press, Cam-bridge.</p>
<p>—    (1992): <i>Languages of the Mind,</i> MIT Press, Cambridge.</p>
<p>Jackendoff, R. ve R Lerdabl (1983): <i>A Generative Theory ofTonal Music,</i> MIT Press, Cambridge.</p>
<p>Katz, Jerold ve Jerry Fodor, ed. (1964): <i>The Structure of Language,</i> Prentice-Hall, Englewood Cliffs.</p>
<p>Kayne, Richard (1994): <i>The Antisymmetry of Syntax,</i> MIT Press, Cambridge.</p>
<p>Kitahara, Hisatsugu ( 1997): <i>Elementary Operations and Optimal Derivations,</i> MIT Press, Cambridge.</p>
<p>Koopman, H. ve D. Sportiche ( 1991): “The Position of Subjects”, J. McClosky, ed., <i>The Syntax of Verb-initial Languages </i>içinde, Elsevier, North-Holland.</p>
<p>Lasnik, Howard ve M. Saito (1984): “On the Nature of Proper Government”, <i>Linguistic Enquiry,</i> 15, s. 235-89.</p>
<p>Leiberman, Philip (1975): <i>On the Origins ofLanguage,</i> Macmillan, New York.</p>
<p>Mathews, G. H. (1964): <i>Hidatsa Syntax,</i> Mouton: Lahey.</p>
<p>Otero, Carlos, ed. ( 1994): <i>Noam Chomsky: Critical Assessments, </i>c. 1, Routledge &amp; Kegan Paul, Londra, s. 342.</p>
<p>Penrose, Roger ( 1994): <i>The Shadows of Mind: A Search for the Missing Science of Consciousness,</i> Oxford University Press, Oxford.</p>
<p>Piattelli-Palmarini, Massimo, ed. ( 1980): <i>Language and Leaming: The Debate between Jean Piaget and Noam Chomsky</i>, Harvard University Press, Cambridge.</p>
<p>Pinker, Steven ( 1995): <i>The Language Instinct,</i> HarperCollins, New York.</p>
<p>Premack, David ( 1986): <i>Gavagai: Or the Future History of the Animal Language Controversy</i>, MIT Press, Cambridge.</p>
<p>Radford, Andrew (1988): <i>Transformational Grammar,</i> Cambridge University Press, Londra.</p>
<p>—    (1997): <i>Introduction to Minimalist Syntax,</i> Cambridge Uni</p>
<p>versity Press, Londra.</p>
<p>Rai, Milan (1995): <i>Chomsky’s Politics,</i> Verso, New York.</p>
<p>Stewart, lan (1995): <i>Nature’s Numbers: Discovering Order and Pattem in the Universe,</i> Weidenfeld and Nicolson, Londra.</p>
<p>Turing, Alan ( 1950): “Computing Machinery and Artifıcial lntcl-ligence”, <i>Mind,</i> Temmuz.</p>
<p>Wexler, Ken (1991): “On the Argument from the Poverty of the Stimulus”, Asa Kasher, ed., <i>The Chomskyan Tum</i> içinde, Basil Blackwell, Oxford.</p>
<p>Zubizarreta, Maria L. (1998): <i>Prosody, Focus and Word Order, </i>MIT Press, Cambridge.</p>
<h2 class=" sigil_not_in_toc">Dizin</h2>
<p>Aşamalı X Kuramı 38, 40, 71,</p>
<p>76, 77</p>
<p>Bağlanma Kuramı 37, 39 Bernstein, Leonard 53 Broca bölgesi 62</p>
<p>Chomsky ve Piaget tartışması</p>
<p>• • • vııı</p>
<p>Dil Edinim Düzeneği 63, 67 Durum ve Rol Kuramları 37,</p>
<p>40</p>
<p>Evrensel Dilbilgisi vın, ıx, x,</p>
<p>63, 75</p>
<p>Fibonacci serileri 58 Fodor, Jerry 83 Frege, Gottlob 81</p>
<p>Genie 65</p>
<p>Genişletilmiş Yansıtma İlkesi</p>
<p>37, 79</p>
<p>Gleitman, Lila 66 göstergebilim 56</p>
<p>Hobbes, Thomas 83 Holmberg, Anders 80 Hume, David 83</p>
<p>Iatridou, Sabine 77</p>
<p>İlkeler ve Parametreler</p>
<p>Yaklaşımı 28, 29</p>
<p>İşaret dilleri 23 İz Kuramı 43 Jackendoff, Ray 53, 83</p>
<p>Kayne, Richard 71, 75</p>
<p>Lacan, Jacques 56 Lerdahl, Fred 53</p>
<p>Mengele, Joseph 64</p>
<p>Orwell Soıunu 16</p>
<p>özyinelemeli İşlev Kuramı 70</p>
<p>Peirce, Charles Sanders 81 Platon Sorunu 16</p>
<p>Sözlükçü lşlevci Dilbilgisi 38,</p>
<p>42</p>
<p>Sperber, Dan 56</p>
<p>Üretici Dilbilgisi ix, xi, 22, 28,</p>
<p>41, 51, 52</p>
<p>Yeni-Platonculuk 84 Yer değiştirme 44 Yetinmeci Çizgi viii, xi, 17,</p>
<p>30, 31, 35, 37, 39, 47, 48, 70, 72, 73, 75, 76,</p>
<p>77</p>
<p>Yönetim ve Bağlanma Kuramı</p>
<p>viii, 38</p>
<p>Noam Chomsky dil ve zihin konusunda en yaratıcı</p>
<p>ve en çok yayın yapmış yazarlardan birisidir. Birçok kitap ve makale yazmış olmasının yanı sıra, bu konularda dünyanın çeşitli yerlerinde konuşmalar yapmış, bu konuşmalardan bazıları da kitap olarak yayımlanmıştır. <i>Dilin Mimarisi</i> Chomsky’nin Ocak 1996 da Delhi’de yaptığı bir konuşmanın ve onu izleyen soru-cevap bölümünün metninden oluşmaktadır.</p>
<p>Chomsky, içerikçe son derece zengin bu konuşmasında, dille ilgili ilk çalışmalarından başlayıp Yetinmeci Çizgi nin ortaya çıkışına kadar geçen süre içindeki olayların tarihsel bir dökümünü sunuyor. Felsefi ve kavramsal konular ile teknik yenilikleri ve ampirik çalışmaları bir araya getiriyor. Ayrıca, dil yetisinin de içinde olduğu bilişsel sistemlerle ilgili mevcut çalışmaların dayandığı varsayımları açıklıyor ve araştırmaların ilerleyebileceği doğrultularla ilgili işaretleri ortaya koyuyor. Çağdaş üretici dilbilgisinin tarihini merak edenler bu konuşmayı son derece öğretici bulacaklar.</p>
<p>NOAM CHOMSKY (1928) dilbilim çalışmalarında çığır açan Üretici Dilbilgisi Kuramını ortaya atmıştır. Kuram özellikle sözdizim incelemelerine yeni bir yaklaşım getirmiştir. Dilbilgisinin üretici bilişsel bir düzenek olduğunu varsayan ve her bireyin evrensel dilbilgisi yapılarını belirleyen ilke ve kurallarla doğduğunu savunan Chomsky’ye göre dil, insana özgü, onu diğer bütün türlerden ayıran bir yetidir. İnsan hakları ve siyaset alanında da çok sayıda yayını olan Chomsky’nin dilbilim alanında başlıca yapıtları şunlardır: <i>Syntactic Structures</i> (1957), <i>Aspects ofthe Theory ofSyntax</i> (1965), <i>Cartesian Linğuistics: A Chapter in the History of Rationalist Thought</i> (1966), <i>Language and Mind</i> (1968), <i>The Sound Patterns of English (Morris Halle ile)</i> (1968), <i>Studies on Semantics in Generative Grammar</i> (1972), <i>Topics in the Theory of Generative Grammar</i> (1972), <i>The Logical Structure of Linguistic Theory</i> (1975), <i>Reflections on Language</i> (1975), <i>Essays on Form and Interpretation</i> (1977), <i>Language and Responsibility (1979), Rules and Representations</i> (1980), <i>Lectures on Government and Binding: The Pisa Lectures</i> (1982), <i>Some Concepts and Consequences of the Theory of Government and Binding</i> (1982), <i>Barriers</i> (1986), <i>Knovvledğe of Language: Its Nature, Origin, and Use</i> (1986), <i>Language and Thought</i> (1994), <i>The Minimalist Program</i> (1995), <i>The Architecture of Language</i> (2000).</p>
<div></div>
<div></div>
</body>
</html>