<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Operation Happiness</title>
<link href="epub.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:765781d5-83d7-45b8-96b6-99bd7d97292b" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<p class="chhead"><span id="page_xi">INTRODUCTION</span></p>
<p class="justifypara">Welcome to <em>Operation Happiness</em>! This book is a fired-up, life-shifting, crash course in happiness that will, among other things, create a powerful perspective shift to reveal an enormously overlooked, life-illuminating truth: <em>Happiness is a skill</em>. It’s widely known as a choice, a feeling, a state of being, which is all true. But most important, it’s an actual skill that can be learned, improved upon, and even mastered—just like playing a musical instrument or riding a bike. I believe this one powerful concept is the missing link that’s been holding so many back from creating the amazing, dynamic lives they desire and deserve.</p>
<p class="indentpara">Crafting the happy, expansive, energetic life I’m living today wasn’t an overnight journey for me, and it definitely wasn’t easy. It took me nearly ten years, a ton of hard work, a few giant missteps, dedicated study, and being open to big lessons. Ten years may seem like a long time, but the truth is, after feeling broken and hitting rock bottom, I was trying to reverse and dissolve patterns that had been within me for more than thirty years. When you think of it that way, a decade doesn’t seem so long. However, when I had the enormous realization eight years into that journey that happiness is actually a skill and started practicing it that way daily, my life changed. It was like I’d finally discovered my true nature and walked right into an entirely new, light-filled world. This magical approach is what this book is all about.</p>
<p class="indentpara">I’ve spent the last thirteen years immersed in the study and practice of happiness. I’ve read countless books; tried practical, scientific, and super “woo-woo” stuff; and been completely fascinated by it all. The first few years, it grew from my unrelenting desire to change my own life, but there came a point when I knew that all I was learning and discovering was so valuable, so life-changing, and so important, I had to share it with the world.</p>
<p class="indentpara"><span id="page_xii">It’s</span> my intention to save you time, frustration, and grief by lighting the way for you to immediately step onto the extraordinary path that took me years to discover—the road to learning, practicing, and becoming damn good at the <em>skill</em> of happiness.</p>
<p class="indentpara">We should rethink well-meant phrases like “I’m so glad she’s found happiness.” Happy people don’t find happiness like you’d find a penny on the ground; they make it happen with action. They cultivate and create it. They practice it daily. They relentlessly go after their dreams. They’re not lucky; they’re completely dedicated to their own joy and evolution.</p>
<p class="justifypara1">That moment all those years ago when I made the firm, unwavering decision to use my own power to take charge of—and consciously create—my own happiness, my entire world changed in incredible ways. And you know what? I give myself a boatload of credit for it! Since you’ve picked up this book (I’m so thrilled you’re here!), you are likely in that same place. Ready to take the wheel. To try something different. To stop settling for crumbs and go for major transformation. You are courageous, you are powerful, and you are a doer. You deserve all the credit in the world, too! Take a second to really breathe that in.</p>
<p class="indentpara">In this book, I’ve narrowed the road to happiness down to three multifaceted, powerful steps: <em>Change Your View, Make Over Your Mornings,</em> and <em>Create New Habits</em>. All are transforming and empowering when fully embraced.</p>
<p class="indentpara">Along our expedition together, I’ll share some very personal stories with you, as well as a few confessions and major realizations. I’ll offer my most surprising perspective shifts and biggest lightbulb moments from my own journey to happiness. We’ll get <span id="page_xiii">into</span> some specific how-tos, priority changes, and action steps to empower you to create a solid foundation for sustainable, radical happiness, energy, bliss, and success.</p>
<p class="indentpara">If you’re open to letting go of old mind-sets and embracing empowering new ideas, ready to audaciously step out of your comfort zone, and willing to do the work it takes, then <em>Operation Happiness</em> is for you. The first step to being happy is being <em>willing</em> to be happy. And being willing means taking the action and doing the work, every single day. Many people are not happy simply because they’re unwilling to make the effort.</p>
<p class="subhead"><strong>IT’S TIME TO TAKE ACTION</strong></p>
<p class="justifypara">The purpose of this book is not simply to get you thinking; it’s to get you <em>doing</em>. Take action and make your very best life happen! I’ll be pushing you—even kicking your butt a bit (with tons of love, of course)—because there’s nothing I want more for you than the happiness you deserve. Your time is now. It won’t be easy, but if you’re willing to go all out, I will help you create sweeping, positive changes that will support you for the rest of your miraculous life.</p>
<p class="indentpara">I highly recommend you keep a journal or pad of paper on hand because you’ll want to write down many things, including lists I’ll be asking you to create. It’s all about designing a brand-new, incredibly light-filled way of living full of purpose, activity, and, of course, happiness.</p>
<p class="indentpara">To help you along the way, I’ve divided the book into three parts—each dedicated to one of the three critical steps to learn and master the habit of happiness.</p>
<p class="subhead1"><strong>Part I—The Bigger Picture: Change Your View of Happiness</strong></p>
<p class="justifypara">In this first section, I’ll highlight a few stories from my own happiness journey and how I discovered, tested, and honed the powerful ideas shared in this book.</p>
<p class="indentpara"><span id="page_xiv">It’s</span> really about changing the way we look at happiness to think of it as a skill and as something that involves action we both consciously and physically create. Part of the skill of happiness is that we have to mindfully <em>do</em> it on a daily basis. There’s science behind all this (your brain is your best friend), and we’ll talk about that, too.</p>
<p class="indentpara">We’ll dive into key happiness mind-sets and how to make them a prominent part of your life, creating more love and joy in your world in big ways. We’ll explore completely new views of the events of your life, as well as some of the ones that may be going on right now. I’ll show you how to create brand-new stories in your heart around circumstances in your life that will empower you instead of drain you.</p>
<p class="indentpara">We’ll even get into some perspective shifts on happiness and strength during grief, loss, and difficult times, since everyone—even the happiest people—will experience these. The right happiness habits and mind-sets can illuminate the stars within the depths of darkness and make all the difference in healing and moving forward from setbacks in the best possible ways.</p>
<p class="indentpara"><a href="08_PART_I_THE_BIGGER_PICTURE__CHANG.xhtml#page_1">Part I</a> will get you to a fantastic place to be totally open and ready for the rest of what’s coming your way.</p>
<p class="subhead1"><strong>Part II—The Essential Shift: Make Over Your Mornings</strong></p>
<p class="justifypara">“What’s the first thing I should do if I want to be happier?” When people ask me this important question, I always have the same answer: <em>Make over your mornings.</em> The way you start your day creates the foundation for it—and your life. Changing your mornings to be more healthful, positive, and supportive is the single biggest shift you can make to create a happier life. This section is a potent, fun, how-to journey that will help you give your mornings (and days!) an energizing, empowering makeover.</p>
<p class="indentpara">I’ve been sharing this message passionately since 2009, when I discovered how the habits and mind-sets I was waking up with were so drastically shaping my days, and my entire life. Most people start the day rushing, stressing, and suffering from nutrition, <span id="page_xv">energy,</span> and hydration deficits. I know I definitely used to. Permanently changing your mornings with subtle, powerful shifts and positive, supportive new habits can literally change your whole life and set the foundation for happier, more successful, incredibly dynamic days—day after day.</p>
<p class="indentpara"><a href="12_PART_II_THE_ESSENTIAL_SHIFT__MAK.xhtml#page_83">Part II</a> includes examples, actionable steps, worksheets, and tools to help you dissolve draining morning habits that are blocking your best life and create new, supportive morning routines and practices that will propel you into brighter, more joyful days. It will cover key changes for your morning routine and how to make over the spaces where you spend your mornings to lift you up, speak to your soul, and support your best life. We’ll even go into an entirely new way to view healthy eating and wellness that will connect your choices in these areas to your deepest desires. It’s all part of a holistic, empowered, spiritual approach to your mornings—and your life—that will change the energy and joy levels of your world in big ways.</p>
<p class="subhead1"><strong>Part III—Create New Habits + Thirty Days of Insight, Love, and Lessons (A Monthlong Daybook)</strong></p>
<p class="justifypara"><a href="18_PART_III_CREATE_NEW_HABITS___THI.xhtml#page_149">Part III</a> begins with a chapter about eleven key habits of the happiest people and how to begin adopting them. Our habits drastically impact the way we experience life, and this section will cover some great tips for dissolving the negative and creating the positive.</p>
<p class="indentpara">The end of this section is made up of a monthlong daybook featuring thirty of my favorite essays and blog posts. This is meant to offer you an immediate resource to begin creating the supportive new habit of reading something uplifting each day. The insightful little stories and lessons from my own life share perspective on happiness, reaching for dreams, making transitions, creating success, overcoming fears, forgiveness, simplicity, kindness, and growth through loss. I wanted this collection of stories to be like a cool bonus at the end of the book. Bits of wisdom from my soul to yours and for those you might wish to share them with.</p>
<p class="indentpara">Here’s the deal: <em>I want this book to interrupt your life</em>—to <span id="page_xvi">shake</span> up what you’ve been tolerating, accepting, and thinking in positive, monumental, change-creating ways. My goal is to help you construct big shifts in the way you’ve been thinking about and approaching not just happiness, but life, and to show you, step-by-step, exactly where and how to begin easily cultivating more lasting, sustainable joy, love, adventure, and peace.</p>
<p class="indentpara"><em>Operation Happiness</em> is not just intended to help you create immediate change; it’s also to help you get to a clear, incredibly empowered place where you can continue learning, expanding upon, and practicing the skill of happiness for years to come.</p>
<p class="indentpara">Thanks so much for taking the time to step up and step out on this happiness adventure! We’re in this together, and I’m so grateful to be making the journey with you. Stay open, be willing, stick with it relentlessly, and love yourself through it all. If you do, you’ll create happiness, energy, positivity, and love that will stay with you through thick and thin for the rest of your life. Sounds pretty amazing, right? That’s because it is.</p>
</body>
</html>