<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head><title>Everything Happens for a Reason</title>
<meta charset="utf-8"/><link href="style/prhStyle.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/><link href="style/prhStyle-media-queries.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/><link href="style/Bowl_9780399592072_epub3_css_r1.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta name="Adept.resource" value="urn:uuid:f9dc6b3f-85f4-aa8b-c812-a3aa73f13fec"/></head>
<body><div style="display:none;"><a id="GBS.0005.01"/></div><a id="d1-d2s1"/><div class="page_top_padding"><span xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:type="pagebreak" id="pagevi" title="vi"/>
<p class="para-crtf-crt-pg"><em class="char-i">Everything Happens for a Reason</em> is a work of nonfiction. Some names and identifying details have been changed.</p>
<p class="para-crtf">Copyright © 2018 by Kate Bowler</p>
<p class="para-crtf">All rights reserved.</p>
<p class="para-crtf">Published in the United States by Random House, an imprint and division of Penguin Random House LLC, New York.</p>
<p class="para-crtf"><span class="char-sc">R</span><span class="smallcaps char-sc">ANDOM </span><span class="char-sc">H</span><span class="smallcaps char-sc">OUSE</span> and the <span class="char-sc">H</span><span class="smallcaps char-sc">OUSE</span> colophon are registered trademarks of Penguin Random House LLC.</p>
<p class="para-cipf"><span class="smallcaps char-sc">LIBRARY OF CONGRESS CATALOGING-IN-PUBLICATIO<a id="GBS.0005.02"/>N DATA</span></p>
<p class="para-cip">Names: Bowler, Kate, author.</p>
<p class="para-cip">Title: Everything happens for a reason : and other lies I’ve loved / Kate Bowler.</p>
<p class="para-cip">Description: New York : Random House, [2018]</p>
<p class="para-cip">Identifiers: LCCN 2017011466 | ISBN 9780399592065 (hardback) | ISBN 9780399592072 (ebook)</p>
<p class="para-cip">Subjects: LCSH: Bowler, Kate,—Health. | Colon (Anatomy)—Cancer—Patients—United States—Biography. | Cancer—Patients—Family relationships. |<a id="GBS.0005.03"/> Christian life. | BISAC: BIOGRAPHY &amp; AUTOBIOGRAPHY / Personal Memoirs. | BIOGRAPHY &amp; AUTOBIOGRAPHY / Medical. | RELIGION / Christian Life / Death, Grief, Bereavement. Classification: LCC RC280.C6 B68 2018 | DDC 362.19699/40092 [B]—dc23 LC record available at <a class="char-url" href="https://lccn.loc.gov/2017011466">https://lccn.loc.gov/​2017011466</a></p>
<p class="para-crtf">Ebook ISBN 9780399592072</p>
<p class="para-crtf"><a class="char-url" href="http://randomhousebooks.com">randomhousebooks.com</a></p>
<p class="para-crtf"><em class="char-i">Book design by Barbara M. Bachman, adapted for ebook</em></p>
<p class="para-crtf"><a id="GBS.0005.04"/>Cover design: Rachel Ake</p>
<p class="para-crtf spaceabove conversion_code_spec">v5.1</p>
<p class="para-crtf conversion_code_partner">ep</p></div><div style="display:none;"><a id="GBS.0005.05"/></div></body></html>