<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head><title>Everything Happens for a Reason</title>
<meta charset="utf-8"/><link href="style/prhStyle.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/><link href="style/prhStyle-media-queries.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/><link href="style/Bowl_9780399592072_epub3_css_r1.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta name="Adept.resource" value="urn:uuid:f9dc6b3f-85f4-aa8b-c812-a3aa73f13fec"/></head>
<body><div style="display:none;"><a id="GBS.0113.01"/></div><a id="d1-d2s13"/><div class="page_top_padding"><span xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:type="pagebreak" id="page173" title="173"/>
    <h1 class="para-apt-app-pg sans">APPENDIX 2</h1><div class="rb-fmt-pre-pg"> </div>
<div class="sub_chap" id="d1-d2s13d3s1">
<h1 class="para-aph1 sans">GIVE THIS A GO, SEE HOW IT WORKS: A SHORT LIST</h1>
<div class="custom_list">
<p class="para-apnlf list0 italic"><span class="list_ornament"><span class="char-app-b sans roman">1</span>. </span>“I’d love to bring you a meal this week. Can I email you about it?”</p></div>
<p class="para-bmp-alt2">Oh, thank goodness. I am starving, but mostly I can never figure out something to tell people that I need, even if I need it. But really, bring me anything. Chocolate. A potted plant. A set of weird erasers. I remember the first gift I got that wasn’t about<a id="GBS.0113.02"/> cancer and I was so happy I cried. Send me funny emails filled with YouTube clips to watch during chemotherapy. Do something that suits your gifts. But most important, <em class="char-i">bring me presents</em>!</p>
<div class="custom_list"><span xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:type="pagebreak" id="page174" title="174"/>
<p class="para-apnlf list0 italic"><span class="list_ornament"><span class="char-app-b sans roman">2</span>. </span>“You are a beautiful person.”</p></div>
<p class="para-bmp-alt2">Unless you are of the opposite gender and used to speaking in a creepy windowless-van kind of voice, comments like these go a long way. Everyone wants to know they are doing<a id="GBS.0113.03"/> a good job without feeling like they are learning a lesson. So tell your friend something about his life that you admire without making it feel like a eulogy.</p>
<div class="custom_list">
<p class="para-apnlf list0 italic"><span class="list_ornament"><span class="char-app-b sans roman">3</span><em class="char-i">. </em></span><em class="char-i">“</em>I am so grateful to hear about how you’re doing and just know that I’m on your team.”</p></div>
<p class="para-bmp-alt2">You mean I don’t have to give you an update? You asked someone else for all the gory details? <em class="char-i">Whew. </em>Great! Now I get to feel like you are both<a id="GBS.0113.04"/> informed and concerned. So don’t gild the lily. What you have said is amazing, so don’t screw it up now by being a Nosy Nellie. Ask a question about any other aspect of my life.</p>
<div class="custom_list">
<p class="para-apnlf list0 italic"><span class="list_ornament"><span class="char-app-b sans roman">4</span>. </span>“Can I give you a hug?”</p></div>
<p class="para-bmp-alt2">Some of my best moments with people have come with a hug or a hand on the arm. People who are suffering often—not always—feel isolated and want to be touched. Hospitals and big institutions<a id="GBS.0113.05"/> in general tend to treat people like cyborgs or throwaways. So ask if your friend feels up for a hug and give her some sugar.</p>
<div class="custom_list"><span xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:type="pagebreak" id="page175" title="175"/>
<p class="para-apnlf list0 italic"><span class="list_ornament"><span class="char-app-b sans roman">5</span>. </span>“Oh, my friend, that sounds so hard.”</p></div>
<p class="para-bmp-alt2">Perhaps the weirdest thing about having something awful happen is the fact that no one wants to hear about it. People tend to want to hear the summary but they don’t usually want to hear it from you. And that it was awful. So<a id="GBS.0114.01"/> simmer down and let them talk for a bit. Be willing to stare down the ugliness and sadness. Life is absurdly hard, and pretending it isn’t is exhausting.</p>
<div class="custom_list">
<p class="para-apnlf list0 italic"><span class="list_ornament"><span class="char-app-b sans roman">6</span>. </span>*****Silence*****</p></div>
<p class="para-bmp-alt2">The truth is that no one knows what to say. It’s awkward. Pain is awkward. Tragedy is awkward. People’s weird, suffering bodies are awkward. But take the advice of one man who wrote to me with his policy: Show up and<a id="GBS.0114.02"/> shut up.</p></div>
<div class="sub_chap" id="d1-d2s13d3s2">
<h1 class="para-aph1 sans">A FINAL PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT TO SUFFERING PEOPLE:</h1>
<p class="para-appaft">Just remember that if cancer or divorce or tragedies of all kinds don’t kill you, people’s good intentions will. Take the phrase “but they mean well…” as your cue to run screaming from the room. Or demand presents.</p>
<p class="para-p">You deserve a break.</p></div></div><div style="display:none;"><a id="GBS.0114.03"/></div></body></html>