<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/kaynakca.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body>
  <p class="kaynak0">KAYNAKÇA</p>

  <p class="kaynak1">KİTAPLAR</p>

  <p>Ady, Cecilia M., <i>Lorenzo de Medici and Renaissance Italy</i>. London: The English University Press Ltd, 1960.</p>

  <p>Alberti, Leon Battista, <i>The Family in Renaissance Florence</i>. Columbia, S.C.: University of South Carolina Press, 1969.</p>

  <p>Anglo, Sydney, <i>The Damned Art: Essays in the Literature of Witchcraft</i>. Boston: Routledge &amp;&nbsp;Kegan Paul, 1977.</p>

  <p>Ariosto, Ludovico, <i>Orlando Furioso</i>. New York: Oxford University Press, 1966.</p>

  <p>Birbari, Elizabeth, <i>Dress in Italian Painting 1460-1500</i>. London: John Murray, 1975.</p>

  <p>Boiardo, Matteo, <i>Orlando Innamorato</i>. West Lafayette, IN: Parlor Press, 2004.</p>

  <p>Bondanella, Peter, yay.haz., çev. Mark Musa, <i>The Portable Machiavelli</i>. New York: Penguin, 1979.</p>

  <p>Brand, Michael ve Lowry, Glenn, yay.haz., <i>Fatehpur-Sikri</i>. Bombay: Marg Publications, 1987.</p>

  <p>Brebner, John Bartlet, <i>The Explorers of North America: 1492-1806</i>. London: A &amp; C. Black, 1933.</p>

  <p>Brown, Judith ve Davis, Robert, <i>Gender and Society in Renaissance Italy</i>. London, New York: Longman, 1998.</p>

  <p>Brucker, Gene, yay.haz., <i>The Society of Renaissance Florence: A Documentary Study</i>. Toronto: University of Toronto Press, 2001.</p>

  <p>—, ‘Sorcery in Early Renaissance Florence’. <i>Studies in the Renaissance</i>, Vol. 10 (1963), s. 7-24.</p>

  <p>—, <i>Renaissance Florence</i>. Berkeley: University of California Press, 1969.</p>

  <p>—, <i>Giovanni and Lusanna: Love and Marriage in Renaissance Florence</i>. Berkeley: University of California Press, 1986.</p>

  <p>Burckhardt, Jacob, <i>The Civilization of the Renaissance in Italy. Vol. I</i>. New York: Harper &amp;&nbsp;Row, 1958.</p>

  <p>Burke, Peter, <i>The Italian Renaissance: Culture and Society in Italy</i>. 2. baskı, Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press, 1986.</p>

  <p>—, <i>The Renaissance</i>. New York: Barnes &amp;&nbsp;Noble, 1967.</p>

  <p>Burton, Sir Richard, <i>The Illustrated Kama Sutra</i>. Middlesex, UK: Hamlyn Publishing Group, 1987.</p>

  <p>Calvino, Italo, çev. George Martin, <i>Italian Folktales</i>. New York: Harcourt Brace Jovanovich, 1980.</p>

  <p>Camporesi, Piero, <i>The Magic Harvest: Food, Folklore and Society</i>. Cambridge, UK: Polity Press, 1993.</p>

  <p>Cassirer, Ernest, yay.haz., <i>The Renaissance Phüosophy of Man</i>. Chicago: The University of Chicago Press, 1948.</p>

  <p>Castiglione, Baldesar, çev. George Bull, <i>The Book of the Courtier</i>. New York: Penguin, 1967.</p>

  <p>Cohen, Elizabeth S. ve Cohen, Thomas V., <i>Daily Life in Renaissance Italy</i>. Westport, CT: The Greenwood Press, 2001.</p>

  <p>Collier-Frick, Carole, <i>Dressing Renaissance Florence</i>. Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press, 2002.</p>

  <p>Creasy, Sir Edward S., <i>History of the Ottoman Turks from the Beginning of Their Empire to the Present Time</i>. Ann Arbor, MI: UMI, Out-of-Print Books on Demand, 1991.</p>

  <p>Curton, Philip D., <i>Cross-Cultural Trade in World History</i>. New York: Cambridge University Press, 1984.</p>

  <p>Dale, Stephen Frederic, <i>Indian Merchants and Eurasian Trade, 1600-1750</i>. New York: Cambridge University Press, 1994.</p>

  <p>Dalu, Jones, yay.haz., <i>A Mirror of Princes: The Mughals and the Medici</i>. Bombay: Marg Publications, 1987.</p>

  <p>Dash, Mike, <i>Tulipomania</i>. New York: Random House, 2001.</p>

  <p>de Grazia, Sebastian, <i>Machiavelli in Hell</i>. Hertfordshire, UK: Harvester Wheatsheaf, 1989.</p>

  <p>Dempsey, C., <i>The Portrait of Love: Botticelli’s Primavera and Humanist Culture at the Time of Lorenzo the Magnificent</i>. Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press, 1992.</p>

  <p>Dubreton-Lucas, J., <i>Daily Life in Florence in the Time of the Medici</i>. New York: The Macmillan Company, 1961.</p>

  <p>Eraly, Abraham, <i>Emperors of the Peacock Throne: The Age of the Great Mughals</i>. New Delhi: Penguin Books India, 2000.</p>

  <p>Fernandez-Armesto, Felipe. <i>Amerigo: The Man Who Gave His Name to America</i>. New York: Random House, 2007.</p>

  <p>Findly, Ellison B., ‘The Capture of Maryam-uz-Zamani’s ship: Mughal women and European traders’. <i>Journal of the American Oriental Society</i>, Vol. 108, No. 2 (Nisan, 1988).</p>

  <p>Finkel, Caroline, <i>Osman’s Dream: The Story of the Ottoman Empire 1300-1923</i>. London: John Murray, 2005.</p>

  <p>Gallucci, Mary M., ‘“Occult” Power: The Politics of Witchcraft and Superstition in Renaissance Florence’. <i>Italica</i> Vol. 80, (Bahar, 2003), s. 1-21.</p>

  <p>Gascoigne, Bamber, <i>The Great Mughals: India’s Most Flamboyant Rulers</i>. London: Constable &amp;&nbsp;Robinson, 2002.</p>

  <p>Goodwin, Godfrey, <i>The Janissaries</i>. London: Saqi Books, 1997.</p>

  <p>Goswamy, B.N. ve Smith, Caron, <i>Domains of Wonder: Selected Masterworks of Indian Painting</i>. San Diego, CA: San Diego Museum of Art, 2005</p>

  <p>Grimassi, Raven, <i>Italian Witchcraft: The Old Religion of Southern Europe</i>. Woodbury, Minnesota: Llewellyn Publications, 2006.</p>

  <p>Gupta, Ashin Das ve Pearson, M.N., yay.haz., <i>India and the Indian Ocean, 1500-1800</i>. Calcutta: Oxford University Press, 1987.</p>

  <p>Hale, J.R., <i>Florence and the Medici: The Pattern of Control</i>. London: Thames &amp;&nbsp;Hudson, 1977.</p>

  <p>Horniker, Arthur Leon, ‘The Corps of the Janizaries’, <i>Military Affairs</i>, Vol. 8, No. 3 (Sonbahar, 1944), s. 177-204.</p>

  <p>Imber, Colin, <i>The Ottoman Empire, 1300-1650: Structure of Power</i>. New York: Palgrave Macmillan, 2002.</p>

  <p>King, M., <i>Women of the Renaissance</i>. Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1991.</p>

  <p>Klapisch-Zuber, Christine, <i>Women, Family and Ritual in Renaissance Italy</i>. Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1985.</p>

  <p>Kristeller, Paul Oskar, <i>Renaissance Concepts of Man and Other Essays</i>. New York: Harper &amp;&nbsp;Row Publishers, 1973.</p>

  <p>Lal, Ruby, <i>Domesticity and Power in the Early Mughal World</i>. New York: Cambridge University Press, 2005.</p>

  <p>Landucci, L.A., <i>Florentine Diary from 1450 to 1516</i>. New York: Arno Press, 1969.</p>

  <p>Lawner, Lynne, <i>Lives of the Courtesans: Portraits of the Renaissance</i>. New York: Rizzoli, 1987.</p>

  <p>Lorenzi, Lorenzo, çev. Ursula Creagh, <i>Witches: Exploring the Iconography of the Sorceress and Enchantress. Florence</i>: Centro Di, 2005.</p>

  <p>Machiavelli, Niccoló, <i>The Discourses</i>. New York: Penguin Putnam, 1998.</p>

  <p>Manucci, Niccolao, çev. William Irvine, <i>Mogul India 1653-1708 or Storia do Mogor</i>, Vols. I &amp;&nbsp;II. New Delhi: Low Price Publications, 1996.</p>

  <p>Manucci, Niccolao, çev. William Irvine, Mogul <i>India 1653-1708 or Storia do Mogor</i>, Vols. III &amp;&nbsp;IV. New Delhi, India: Low Price Publications, 1996.</p>

  <p>Masson, Georgina, <i>Courtesans of the Italian Renaissance</i>. New York: St Martin’s Press, 1976.</p>

  <p>McAlister, Lyle N., <i>Spain and Portugal in the New World: 1492-1700</i>. Minneapolis: University of Minnesota, 1984.</p>

  <p>Mee, Charles L., <i>Daily Life in Renaissance Italy</i>. New York: American Heritage Publishing Co. Inc., 1975.</p>

  <p>Morgan, David, <i>Medieval Persia, 1040-1797</i>. Essex, UK: Pearson Education Ltd, 1988.</p>

  <p>Mukhia, Harbans, <i>The Mughals of India</i>. Malden, MA: Blackwell Publishing, 2004.</p>

  <p>Nath, R., <i>Private Life of the Mughals of India: 1526-1803</i>. New Delhi: Rupa &amp;&nbsp;Co., 2005.</p>

  <p>Origo, iris, ‘The Domestic Enemy: Eastern Slaves in Tuscany in the 14th and 15th Centuries’. <i>Speculum</i> 30 (1955), s. 321-66.</p>

  <p>Pallis, Alexander, <i>In the Days of the Janissaries</i>. London: Hutchinson &amp;&nbsp;Co., 1951.</p>

  <p>Penrose, Boies, <i>Travel and Discovery in the Renaissance 1420-1620</i>. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 1952.</p>

  <p>Pottinger, George, <i>The Court of the Medici</i>. London: Croom Helm Ltd, 1978.</p>

  <p>Raman, Rajee, <i>Ashoka the Great and Other Stories</i>. Vadapalani, Chennai: Vadapalani Press.</p>

  <p>Rizvi, Saiyid Athar Abbas ve Flynn, Vincent John Adams, <i>Fathpur-Sikri</i>. Mumbai India: Taraporevala Sons &amp;&nbsp;Co., 1975.</p>

  <p>Rogers, Mary ve Tinagli, Paolo, <i>Women in Italy, 1350-1650: Ideals and Reality</i>. Manchester, UK: Manchester University Press, 2005.</p>

  <p>Rosenberg, Louis Conrad, <i>The Davanzati Palace, Florence, Italy A Restored Palace of the Fourteenth Century</i>. New York: The Architectural Book Publishing Company, 1922.</p>

  <p>Ruggiero, Guido, <i>Binding Passions: Tales of Magic, Marriage, and Power at the End of the Renaissance</i>. New York: Oxford University Press, 1993.</p>

  <p>Sachs, Hannelore, <i>The Renaissance Woman</i> - bkz. bölüm: ‘Women Slaves, Beggars, Witches, Courtesans, Concubines’, s. 49-53. New York: McGraw-Hill, 1971.</p>

  <p>Savory, Roger, <i>Iran Under the Safavids</i>. New York: Cambridge University Press, 1980.</p>

  <p>Seed, Patricia, <i>Ceremonies of Possession in Europe’s Conquest of the New World: 1492-1640</i>. New York: Cambridge University Press, 1995.</p>

  <p>Sen, Amartya, <i>The Argumentative Indian: Writings on Indian History, Culture and Identity</i>. New York: Farrar, Straus &amp; Giroux, 2005.</p>

  <p>Seyller, John, <i>The Adventures of Hamza: Painting and Storytelling in Mughal India</i>. Washington, D.C.: Freer Gallery of Art and Arthur M. Sackler Gallery, Smithsonian Institute, 2002.</p>

  <p>Sharma, Shashi S., <i>Caliphs and Sultans: Religious Ideology and Political Praxis</i>. New Delhi: Rupa &amp;&nbsp;Co., 2004.</p>

  <p>Symcox, Geoffrey, yay.haz., <i>Italian Reports on America: 1493-1522</i>. Turnhout, Belgium: Brepols, 2001.</p>

  <p>Thackston, Wheeler M., yay.haz., çev.. <i>The Babumama: Memoirs of Babar, Prince and Emperor</i>. New York: Oxford University Press, 1996.</p>

  <p>Thackston, Wheeler M., yay.haz., çev., <i>The Jahangirnama: Memoirs of Jahangir, Emperor of India</i>. New York: Oxford University Press, 1999.</p>

  <p>Treharne, R.F. ve Fullard, H., yay.haz., <i>Muir’s Historical Atlas: Medieval and Modern</i>. 10. baskı, New York: Barnes &amp;&nbsp;Noble Inc., 1964.</p>

  <p>Trexler, R., <i>Public Life in Renaissance Florence</i>. New York: Academic Press, 1980.</p>

  <p>Trexler, Richard, <i>Dependence and Context in Renaissance Florence</i> -bkz. bölüm: ‘Florentine Prostitution in the Fifteenth Century: Patrons and Clients’. Binghamton, N.Y: Medieval and Renaissance Texts and Studies, 1994.</p>

  <p>Turnball, Stephen, <i>Essential Histories: The Ottoman Empire, 1326-1699</i>. Oxford, UK: Routledge, 2003.</p>

  <p>Viroli, Maurizio., çev. Antony Shugaar, <i>Niccolo’s Smile: A Biography of Machiavelli</i>. London: I.B. Tauris, 1998.</p>

  <p>Weinstein, D., <i>Savonarola and Florence: Prophecy and Patriotism in the Renaissance</i>. Princeton. N.J.: Princeton University Press, 1970.</p>

  <p>Welch, Evelyn, <i>Shopping in the Renaissance: Consumer Cultures in Italy, 1400-1600</i>. New Haven. CT: Yale University Press, 2005.</p>

  <p class="kaynak1">WEB SİTELERİ</p>

  <p>al-Fazl ibn Mubarak, Abu, çev. H. Beveridge, <i>Akbar-namah (The Book of Akbar)</i>. Packard Humanities Institute: <i>Persian Literature in Translation</i>. İnternet erişimi: http://persian.packhum.org/persian</p>

  <p>al-Fazl ibn Mubarak, Abu, çev. H. Blockhmann ve Colonel H.S. Jarrett. <i>Ain-i-Akbari (Akbar’s Regulations)</i>. Packard Humanities Institute: <i>Persian Literature in Translation</i>. İnternet erişimi: http://persian.packhum.org/persian</p>

  <p>Bada’uni, Abd al-Qadir, çev. Haig, W.. Ranking. G., Lowe, W., <i>Muntakhab ut-tawarikh</i>, Packard Humanities Institute: <i>Persian Literature in Translation</i>. İnternet erişimi: http:// persian.packhum.org/persian</p>

  <p>Brehier, Louis, <i>The Catholic Encyclopedia</i>, Vol. V – bkz.: ‘Andrea Doria.’ New York: Robert Appleton Company, 1909. İnternet erişimi: www.newadvent.org/cathen/05134b.htm</p>

  <p>Cross, Suzanne, <i>Feminae Romanea: The Women of Ancient Rome</i>. 2001-2006. İnternet erişimi: web.mac.com/heraklia/Dominae/ imperial_woroen/ index.html</p>

  <p><i>Encyclopaedia Britannica</i>, 2007 – bkz.: ‘Doria, Andrea’. İnternet erişimi: Encyclopaedia Britannica Online, 31 Ekim 2007: http://wvtw.britannica.com/eb/article-9030969</p>

  <p><i>Gardens of the Mughal Empire</i> – bkz.: Silver, Brian Q. ‘Introduction to the Music of the Mughal Court’. Smithsonian Productions. İnternet erişimi: www.mughalgardens.org/html/musicoi.html</p>

  <p>Von Garbe, Richard, çev. Lydia G. Robinson, <i>Akbar, Emperor of India</i>. Project Gutenberg eBook, 23 Kasım 2004. İnternet erişimi: www.gutenberg.org</p>

  <p class="kaynak2">NOT</p>

  <p class="kaynak3">Bu, başvurduğum yapıtların tam listesi değil. Bu kitapta yer alan konularla ilgili herhangi bir kaynağı belirtmeyi istemeden ihmal ettiysem, özür dilerim. Beni uyaracak olursanız, sonraki baskılarda bu eksiklik giderilecektir.</p>
</body>
</html>
