<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
		<title>1-52</title>
		<link href="../Styles/idGeneratedStyles_0.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../Styles/idGeneratedStyles_2.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

	</head>
	<body id="x1-52" xml:lang="tr-TR">
		<div class="Basic-Text-Frame">
			<p class="split" xml:lang="en-GB">      </p>
			<p class="anabaslikk" id="_idParaDest-50">SEÇİLMİŞ KAYNAKÇA      </p>
			<p class="sonn">Aesop. <span class="CharOverride-3">Fables of Aesop. </span>Translated by S. A. Hanford. New York: Penguin Books, 1954.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">Bloodworth, Dennis and Ching Ping. <span class="CharOverride-3">The Chinese Machiavelli.</span> New York: Farrar, Straus and Giroux, 1976.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">Bowyer, J. Barton. <span class="CharOverride-3">Cheating: Deception in War and Magic, Games and Sports, Sex and Religion, Business and Con Games, Politics and Espionage, Art and Science. </span>New York: St. Martin’s Press, 1982.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">Castiglione, Baldesar. <span class="CharOverride-3">The Book of the Courtier. </span>Translated by George Bull. New York: Penguin Books, 1976.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">Clausewitz, Carl von. <span class="CharOverride-3">On War.</span> Edited and translated by Michael Howard and Peter Paret. Princeton: Princeton University Press, 1976.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">Elias, Norbert. <span class="CharOverride-3">The Court Society. </span>Translated by Edmund Jephcott. Oxford: Basil Blackwell Publishers, 1983.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">de Francesco, Grete. <span class="CharOverride-3">The Power </span><span class="CharOverride-3">of the Charlatan. </span>Translated by Miriam Beard. New Haven: Yale University Press, 1939.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">Haley, Jay. <span class="CharOverride-3">The Power Tactics of Jesus Christ and Other Essays. </span>New York: W.W. Norton, 1989.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">Han-fei-tzu. <span class="CharOverride-3">The Complete Works of Han-fei-tzu.</span> Translated by W.K. Liao. 2volumes. London: Arthur Probsthain, 1959.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">Herodotus. <span class="CharOverride-3">The Histories. </span>Translated by Aubrey de Sélincourt. New York: Penguin Books, 1987.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">Isaacson, Walter. <span class="CharOverride-3">Kissinger: A Biography.</span> New York: Simon &amp; Schuster, 1992.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">La Fontaine, Jean de. <span class="CharOverride-3">Selected Fables. </span>Translated by James Michie. New York: Penguin Books, 1982.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">Lenclos, Ninon de. <span class="CharOverride-3">Life, Letters and Epicurean Philosophy of Ninon de Lenclos, The Celebrated Beauty of the 17th Century. </span>Chicago: Lion Publishing Co., 1903.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">Ludwig, Emil. <span class="CharOverride-3">Bismarck: The Story of a Fighter. </span>Translated by Eden and Cedar Paul. Boston: Little, Brown, 1928.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">Machiavelli, Niccolò. <span class="CharOverride-3">The Prince and The Discourses. </span>Translated by Luigi Ricci and Christian E. Detmold. New York: Modern Library, 1940.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">Mao Tse-tung. <span class="CharOverride-3">Selected Military Writings of Mao Tse-tung. </span>Beijing: Foreign Languages Press, 1963.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">Millan, Betty. <span class="CharOverride-3">Monstrous Regiment: Women Rulers in Men’s Worlds. </span>Windsor Forest, Berks, U.K.: Kensal Press, 1983.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">Montaigne, Michel de. <span class="CharOverride-3">The Complete Essays. </span>Translated by M. A. Screech. New York: Penguin Books, 1987.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">Mrazek, Col. James. <span class="CharOverride-3">The Art of Winning Wars. </span>New York: Walker and Company, 1968.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">Nash, Jay Robert. <span class="CharOverride-3">Hustlers and Con Men. </span>New York: M. Evans and Co., 1976.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">Nietzsche, Friedrich. <span class="CharOverride-3">The Brith of Tragedy and The Genealogy of Morals. </span>Translated by Francis Golffing. Garden City: Doubleday Anchor Books, 1956.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">Orieux, Jean. <span class="CharOverride-3">Talleyrand: The Art of Survial.</span> Translated by Patricia Wolf. New York: Knopf, 1974.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">Plutarch. <span class="CharOverride-3">Makers of Rome. </span>Translated by Ian Scott-Kilvert. New York: Penguin Books, 1965.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">­­<span class="CharOverride-3">The Rise and fall of Athens. </span>Translated by Ian Scott-Kilvert. New York: Penguin Books, 1960.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">Rebhorn, Wayne A. <span class="CharOverride-3">Foxes and Lions: Machiavell’s Confidence Men. </span>Ithaca: Cornell University Press, 1988.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">de Retz, Cardinal. <span class="CharOverride-3">Memoirs of Jean François Paul de Gondi, Cardinal de Retz.</span> 2 vols. London: J. M. Dent &amp; Sons, 1917.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">Sadler, A. L. <span class="CharOverride-3">Cha-no-yu: The Japanese Tea Ceremony.</span> Rutland, Vermont: Charles E. Tuttle Company, 1962.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">Scharfstein, Ben-Ami. <span class="CharOverride-3">Amoral Politics. </span>Albany: State University of New York Press, 1995.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">Scheibe, Karl E. <span class="CharOverride-3">Mirrors, Masks, Lies and Secrets.</span> New York: Praeger Publishers, 1979.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">Schopenhauer, Arthur. <span class="CharOverride-3">The Wisdom of Life and Counsels and Maxims. </span>Translated by T. Bailey Saunders. Amherst, New York: Prometheus Books, 1995.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">Senger, Harro von. <span class="CharOverride-3">The Book of Stratagems: Tactics for Triumph and Survial. </span>Edited and translated by Myron B. Gubitz. New York: Penguin Books, 1991.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">Siu, R. G. H. <span class="CharOverride-3">The Craft of Power.</span> New York: John Wiley &amp; Sons, 1979.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">Sun-tzu, <span class="CharOverride-3">The Art of War. </span>Translated by Thomas Cleary. Boston: Shambhala, 1988.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">Thucydides. <span class="CharOverride-3">The History of the Peloponnesian War.</span> Translated by Rex Warner. New York: Penguin Books, 1972.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">Weil, “Yellow Kid.” <span class="CharOverride-3">The Con Game and “Yellow Kid” Weil: The Autobiography, of the Famous Con Artist as told to W.T. Brannon. </span>New York: Dover Publications, 1974.    </p>
			<p class="sonn">Zagorin, Perez. <span class="CharOverride-3">Ways of Lying: Dissimulation, Persecution and Conformity in Early Modern Europe. </span>Cambridge: Harvard University Press, 1990.    </p>
		</div>
</body>
</html>